boom I'm rolling what's going on man how
are you cuz here what's up my pleasure
pleasure pleasure to meet you man I
enjoy your social media man and your
Instagram is one of my favorite for sure
I appreciated millions it's doing me
yeah you're doing you but you're doing
it correctly it's a lot of fun you're a
fun guy like your shit it's fun I just
try to be genuine with it that's all
that's cuz that's all I've been on there
from day one and that's what got me this
far that's been working so why not yeah
man you know I found out about you Bob
found out about you from two people one
for my friend Andrew Scholes yeah I love
that dude he speaks very highly of you
but - because my friend style bender UFC
middleweight champion he played your
song and one of his walkout so his
fights I didn't even know I didn't even
know I'm honestly until it's just like a
lot of stuff I really don't be knowing
I'm out the loop with the mainstream
stuff so if I'm not if I came especially
something like like UFC I'm still new to
that I'm still learning it so when he so
went on I think Andrew a Charlemagne the
one told me an Instagram told me to him
when I looked at was like oh shit
this shit is big like smile because this
one he did it like why smile bitch was
still bubbling so he was one of the
people that I kind of realized oh not
this shit going to a whole nother level
just by him doing there and I appreciate
him doing that - cause he's huge now
he's huge now here's a champ now he did
this back before he won the title this
was I believe your shit to me he did win
the title when he did that I thought
that was the title I didn't know I don't
know I'm still new to this that UFC
thing actually that's what brought me
into it
really that made me give a fuck about I
was like shit let me see what this is
about you gotta come to one live I want
to just can you want me to tell you what
it is I didn't like to see the excellent
nigga getting his ass whooped
like like I don't want to keep saying
get punch punch punch while they're down
man yeah I guess cuz I the environments
you come from I try to get away from
that type of shit and so to see it like
I don't even watch videos like that
saying somebody gets shot in the head
and I'm just starting to get comfortable
watching fights mmm so so with that but
now I want to go to a UFC fight not just
because now
I guess my body then got on my mind I
got desensitize to where don't bother me
as much well any time you want to go let
me know this is a shilling this weekend
where Vegas she and I might come fuck
with come on down hello let me think I
don't want to say I got thing do I got
some is at least two titles right oh
shit three titles I can't go I'm going
on doors how do you forget you going on
Honduras no I just be doing shit like
you shit whenever I get a chance to now
as far as traveling just for fun yeah
just for fun just for cheer is why we
have my me time my space time to gather
my thoughts and do my thing hmm yeah so
not even not work-related at all just to
join yourself that's kind of where I'm
at mentally and everything I just I'm
kind of pre retired in my mind really to
prepare myself for when when shit slow
down I think you should do that I think
I should with me for for that well you
buy for you need to prepare for 60 I
always try to prepare for late I'm 52 so
60s around the corner for me they get 50
I'm just realizing because I remember
when I was a kid I used to be like man
and I wanna I want to give my life to
God and all that but I ain't gonna have
no fun i'ma wait till I get about 50 and
it hit come 50 about to pull up shit so
now I mean but on the 5th is a cool cool
agent and I'm just and I'm just started
preparing for when when I can't take
care of myself but what it all is is
that we know it ends and we don't know
when we don't know if it's 100 we don't
Fitz 80 we know it else so you hear 40
and you go oh how close how close my
which I know it's about time to wrap up
I don't went half the century like
what's the average 100 at the most so
I'm like yeah alright I know this shit
for the end pretty soon some type of way
so yeah let me prepare and then I look
at I watch old people like so I pay
attention to them so I see what they
going through them like I it's my turn
pretty soon I had John Witherspoon and
earlier in the year with his side of the
large ad yeah
sorry and he died shortly after he died
like a couple months later and uh I've
known that guy for a long time and I
remember thinking like he was just here
he was like happy he had all this energy
he was hilarious and then a couple
months later the lights shut off
that's life man that's life this life
that's life that quick just like that
was in the big scheme of things from
thousands of years it's just like that
but a guy like that is just like iconic
figure hilarious comedian like he's is
it's weird that he's gone you know why
because it's weird when everybody leaves
it's like they're just they're just it's
just they're not in this space anymore
you know it's just gone I don't see it
as weird though cuz I see death is just
as much as life it's the same thing
so I don't see it as weird I mean of
course emotionally we had motion
attached to it bothers us you know but
anytime I get it yeah that's what I
think it I think that's the key to all
this shit understanding once you
understand you just you can't pretty
much got life figured up you think you
have life figured out I never feel like
that I never felt I got life figured out
yeah you think you got it nailed I mean
it's tough to learn like I'll just tell
them stuff like this they've just opened
my mind stuff he was just telling me
stuff but all the flow tank but the
beginning and it's pretty much life and
death that's like it's just like any
other thing in life I mean any other
thing that's living there's nothing no
no difference so it's like we just think
it is because this shit here make us
arrogant that's true
and I also think it's a thing it's a
manager perceptions thing you know like
you have to manage your perceptions like
how you view things so you could freak
out about things or you could just
everything's perception is everything I
mean it's just how you look at it in
this that's what keeps you sane
understanding like it's just how you
look at it and understanding there's no
good or bad and shit is what it is you
just got to be on the right side yeah
and the universe doesn't care it just
keeps marching the other very nature
don't give a fuck not at all
nothing is more powerful the nature and
once we realized
we'll be mo humble you said you saw cats
hunt on a safari
yeah what was that like I got it on my
phone did you see him get one uh you got
to sit there for a minute and I didn't
have no weed and then where were you you
know tens of Tanzania Tanzania I posted
on my Instagram out why I tried to share
shit like this here cuz around front we
never seen no shit like that but it was
dope as fuck it was it was way more
interesting than I thought it was gonna
be it's like really watching like being
in the hood and watching the fight or
watching somebody get get shot okay yeah
I got a little dope give it a sec cuz
there's a oh I clap something that I
clap give it a second unless y'all got
Wi-Fi yeah I got cricket you know I'm
gonna rich broke life stuff but yeah it
was dope as fuck man like just being out
there I take I took a lot of pictures
and shit I got it like a histogram pee
where I used to post post dope pics from
when I traveled and shit did they make
you take malaria medication
I never took nothing yet know where I
went really uh and I'm glad I didn't
because I heard people that do take them
shots and stuff they get sick real
circuit yeah well thank you and plus I
don't eat a lot so it ain't too much
that's gonna fuck me up I eat McDonald's
wherever I go McDonald's is your friend
but you like the country it's thank you
see is that oh the show take that one
too
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah I took that pit
so is this your other Instagram the
comedic are yeah that's my other other
so it's just photographs photographs
like just and I call the comedic guy cuz
I think comedians got to dress that you
know cuz we observe you know so I mean
you should be able to take good pics if
you're comedian well this meat markets
intense whereas that was it a Zanzibar
well I think what kind of meat is on
that oh shit I don't know something I
even eat
so generally McDonald's man like I don't
trust me and matter-of-fact me in our a
drew one time we went to uh we did the
hip not the hip-hop Awards shit the MTV
Awards over in Europe and why we was
over there the crew and everything and I
I travelled alive I'm like it was like
man we're gonna go get something to eat
and I'm like I ain't eating this shit
like now come on let's go get something
I was like man you gonna fuck up go over
there everybody the whole crew had to go
to the hospital I was the only girl
really here cuz I don't eat that shit
y'all got food poison trying to eat
Andrew - I'm not sure he said he didn't
but I swear I told him - he said he
didn't get it but he might have listened
to me that time but but for the most
part I just don't eat when I go out to
country I eat shit that I'm used to a
fruit rice it's chicken and McDonald's
McDonald's you ever see one of those
cheeseburgers or they put it on a shelf
for a year and they film it a year to
see if it deteriorates yeah your later
looks like it just got put there that's
a good thing though let's face food like
if space food is good for austra
astronauts yeah it gotta be good for us
like we be hating on McDonald's way too
much like nobody's really really died on
on paper right they have from jacket
they dad from eating a lot you eat
anything a lot you go guys PP he fishing
and fat is fuck that's true but I think
someone's died from e.coli I think that
was a bird that was jack-in-the-box oh
right they had an e.coli outbreak I mean
but that could be at everything and it
could be in any restaurant a place that
shit that you just showed on there I'm
pretty sure it's Ecoline that shit oh
yeah they by the immune to it yeah
that's what they learn - from traveling
at the end of the day you could eat
anything you just can't eat a lot of it
mm-hmm you get it when I go over the
Asia baby everything moving
do you see that there's a meal to like a
hundred my kids explain this to me I
didn't know about this it's called
mukbang what's that it's a style of
video that they do in Korea where Korea
like I guess their proper and polite
when they eat that's they have good
manners they tried to do that culturally
so they have these videos that are real
popular where they just eat like slobs
they'll eat like octopus and they have
the just splatter food all over their
face and make a lot of noises while they
chew and these videos are insanely
popular millions and millions of views
of people watching someone eat that's
cuz it's well you can't go by they are
view of millions and they view ain't
that much because you guys think it's
billions of them so I mean that's true
but there's not billions of Koreans but
I guess it's it's a lot of them how many
Koreans are there that's Google it's a
small country relatively hey Syria how
many uh how many Koreans that day out
you Koreans population out you I don't
know that you know let me just do the
paper right tap type at the old house
yes population Korea 50 million 50
million
what are you have to do one point fifty
one point four seven that's a lot and
how many is America's 330 so it is no so
it's more of us they don't know how many
Mexicans are they do not they do not and
let you go to a concert look you go
through a constant endlessly fucked up
that there's a population of people that
live amongst us can't get green cards
and they if they left like you ever see
the documentary day without Mexicans
mm-hmm la would fall apart
la would literally collapse because
always do that we show them show us
you're the humblest yeah but they can't
because they don't have the paperwork
that's the thing they're all they're all
illegal if people come over here or
legal in there you know valet parking
and washing dishes and don't lead if ER
until and scape and everything they can
do if if they stopped other people just
gonna take their job other people
someone else is gonna find them nobody's
gonna take a job as paying two dollars
an hour like they aren't making that
much no
other than someone else just like them
that needs that opportunity and they're
all coming over they would have to
organize they would have to have some
resources needed to sustain themselves
while they're organizing yeah but the
thing is about the green card thing is
like you just should be away where
someone can earn a green card
I mean if someone's been over here for
all this time doing great having a good
life being a good part of the community
but they're still not it's like how does
that work though like if if we get
overpopulated cuz the mission like what
do we do then like I keep panic like we
always say like we we gotta let
everybody in because that's how we got
here but then when they get full and you
look like LA and traffic like a
motherfucker like alright go back home
you don't want y'all
you don't want no tourists here we don't
want no Outsiders here so how does that
work like what do we do there is no
solution you're right person illusion
there's no perfect solution it's real
messy there's life if you want to make a
perfect solution what you do you have
tests for everybody mm-hmm everybody
kind of slow to American thought like
what would be the test like this isn't
you can have a test like that does it be
bias maybe but I mean who works harder
than Mexicans just have to be on paper
what it's gonna be like who can build a
house who are you
like maybe there's a way to find out who
you are like what kind of person are you
your person that's valuable member of
the community well nowadays with
technology they could just put something
and scan you and figure it out find out
your thoughts a put you on an fMRI read
your brain yeah but then you gotta
figure out what would they be looking
forward to see if they can let you in
they convicted a lady in India from
brain scan of murder there was a they
used fMRI and they said that through
this machine they were able to detect
functional knowledge of the murder
and that's Minority Report is that
moving I don't think they're don't think
it's real though I think they just
didn't understand the see if they wrote
something about it it can happen though
it's gonna happen no it's gonna happen I
definitely think it's gonna happen but I
think to where they're out right now if
this person really did get convicted I
don't think they really understand the
science I think they're just convicting
them because someone said it makes sense
and then there's not enough people that
actually understand
what how little you actually can read
like she could have had she could have
been told about the scene right and then
devours your reading society in this
rain it's not clearly defined yet it's
just like if you told me some of it like
what somebody told me after a while if
you keep replaying in your head you
think you told yourself yes yes you
think maybe it was your story with
somebody else's story that shit happens
to people yeah especially like minor
shit from like 20 years ago and then
your friends like I told you that last
week remember oh yeah I told you it
happened me on Instagram boat I'll post
something ten years ago a tweet and the
next thing I know somebody else do it
and then I bring it back they say yeah I
got it from them like bitch I made it up
memory is a strange thing it's a very
strange thing that's some good that's
the thing reason why I like technology
too because it kind of keeps it I'm
going in here oh yeah for sure keeps our
brain in here so you just got to pay for
it you got to pay for your brain that I
clap that's really our brain but it kind
of solves all the times it's all time or
two that's a good point it really is
kind of my brain that's where everything
gets stored you have to pay for your
brain for the rest of your life in that
video of the Alliance just like one of
those fucked up old memories yes what
you said you owned you said you don't
know feel like you got life figured out
why not like what was I just endlessly
confused by all of it I mean I
understand it you live you die I
understand how to be nice to people and
understand what's good and bad I
understand you know about you but I am
so what you feel like you're missing
something what no it's still bizarre as
fuck like the more when you look at it
when you really look at what it is it's
bizarre as fuck all these random
interactions taking place simultaneously
amongst billions of people swarming on a
planet that's spinning and toral
twirling through infinity is going
through the galaxy but that's with all
the star and just all of that when you
see all that and you notice all that you
realize we are pretty much an ant like
in a big scheme of smaller than a hat we
just
I'll chair so it makes no sense to put
that much thought into this bullshit I
fuck it like it is what it is I mean
that's true too yeah it's not like I
want to think about it all the time I
just I do it out of boredom like I'm I'm
damn near wanna wanna go to Mars and all
that shit you know but I just don't want
to be the only nigga Mars is too long
that's six months yeah unless it's a
party on there gotta be lit bro think
about that think about this what if the
earth was moving there now we owned the
party bus now right we are in the party
bus you in the party bus and is a space
they don't tell us nothing I mean when
we get there they be like are we here
yeah because if you think about it earth
is like a spaceship with like a
convertible spaceship there's just no
roof yeah yeah yeah I mean there's the
only thing save us is the atmosphere
that's where yeah yeah I want how much
would the space should be different be
like an apartment complex versus a whole
city
yeah honestly they could be doing it
that's what he should be that's what the
motherfucking billionaires should be
trying to do move this goddamn earth out
the way just push it but we want to go
in the Sun with it yeah how does the Sun
how come maybe I'm just being retarded
as hell
how does the Sun heat this guy eat the
earth up but not the moon like why the
moon coat move doesn't have an
atmosphere the atmosphere is what
captures the heat but yeah that's what
captures it but so the heat ain't out
there in space well the heat is on the
moon the moon and the Sun it's 250
degrees and in the shade it's 250
degrees below zero so the moon never
turns new this always like just stuck in
one position yes and it's it's the moon
is stuck in one position right I'm
trying to picture it hold up this the
moon the earth and then the Sun
everything is revolving around the Sun
the thing is the moon revolves around
the Sun like this like it's always doing
the same thing so as a piece of the moon
is high there's just the Sun if you get
in the
Sun the Sun SPOT the bright spot of the
moons 250 degrees if you get in the
shade its 250 degrees below zero so
giant flares a son Paul yes it gets very
hot in the moon the thing is there to
protect it or they're not rather they're
not protected by an atmosphere so we
have an atmosphere the atmosphere the
the magnetosphere the oxygen the
nitrogen all that stuff filters out all
the heat and captures and keeps us study
the sir one of the reasons why we're
here we understand yeah cuz I but the
school's I understand how the moon's
important for the ocean and all that but
I'm just wondering I was sitting there
watching um my favorite movie and the
selling and I was you know I was yeah
that's a good movie I watched that I
rated it's definitely it's really very
lifelike is it's pretty much what it is
but I was watching that and I watch it
in a mankind that new one that's on
Apple plus I was watching that it's on
the moon and I'm just looking at him
like where the Sun it like and if the
Sun would start making me think like
that but ain't no I appreciate you
telling me that not look at it some more
see there's no atmosphere in the
atmosphere is the reason why we have
blue skies the blue skies yeah I know
all there so when I thought that was I
thought that was stopping it from
burning us up no no no no no no so
that's not starting this it stops us it
helps us from getting burned because we
have an atmosphere yes moon there's the
moon it's hot as fuck yeah that's what
I'm saying so so the moon is hot it do
get hot on them it also gets insanely
cold okay if you go in the shade it's
fucking cold a shit
250 degrees below zero you never want to
go out of space yeah I'd like to go and
just see I'd like to go over the lip
that's my goal that's my goal that's my
my goal in life like I just want to do a
selfie with the earth behind doesn't it
happen that's it that's gonna be
available real soon yes 15 there right
is you're saving up is that what it is
now I think a core takes you on like
virgin virgin yeah you get to go out
there and and come down but so this is
something they're already doing I
haven't ordered sort of pay attention to
find out that day I undergone a ticket
for any problem I definitely won't war
for real like yeah I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna start a gopher and tell them to
put me up there tell the black people to
put me up there
been doing this I don't know there's
another company I know them and they're
doing they have a raised platform race
for the out of space but so is this the
virgin jet this is a virgin oh yeah
that's another code that's got like a
balloon that's gonna shoot people kind
of straight up and back down yes all
that wise did you see how it did that it
rides on top of a plane and they're like
let's go yes fuck to me if I have money
like that I will be kind of like this
look where they go holy shit nice like
you get to go like like a roller coaster
there yeah like 10 minutes maybe when I
go right there not a lot that's all I
need right there just the talk shit it's
done you motherfuckers ain't never did
that would be the ultimate stunt on
their starting up above the earth yes
you're the hardest fuck and I want to
prove all the flat earthers that's mom's
dumb fucks I want to show them so bad
you stupid motherfuckers yes I want to
do that so bad shit on them it's so sick
I can't believe that's a real thing me
neither America's like where I live in I
got a house in the Bahamas like you went
at night time you can really see how
right on the earth is cause it's so
pitch black and when you walk out the
yard at night it feels like you out of
space and you can really see how round
the earth is listen is damn this stupid
how people don't don't believe that is
righteousness it just people want to
believe shit is a trick people want to
believe everything is a lot people
didn't think America was here when it
was over here like it's true it like it
sounds so just like people don't think
out of space we don't think it's hard to
think that fathers didn't you think
therefore you got to think about it you
don't want to think the people that
didn't think America was here at least
they have the benefit there was no
photographs they had never been you know
anybody who's been so it probably was
way more of a question whether or not
America existed versus whether or not
the earth is round the earth is round
you can see it it's not hard they have
satellites to take a photo of it every
10 minutes the idea that all that's fake
is so crazy the idea that every mission
is fake every Space Station mission
every satellite all that's fake
like why these guys and the weird thing
is a lot of the dudes that are doing it
they're like super Christian a lot of
Flat Earth people yeah they're super
Christian they think that this is all
like the idea that we're in space that
we're on a flat ball to keep us from God
like what
I mean in religion and I do believe in
religion but their religion you have to
keep them in a certain space to keep
their mind focused on that right there
cuz otherwise they so you can't tell
everybody everything no because then
they'll go crazy that's why that's why I
believe in religion I really did for
normal people I know what you said it
gives people help hope anything that's
gonna bring you to love and peace you
can't be mad at yeah you know so I feel
like it's it's like something that helps
evolution almost like a vehicle for
aiding evolution to take us out of our
barbarian days into our civilized days
and then transcend but this is religion
or wisdom or right here
I think so I know so cuz this with we're
conveying and talking in in preaching
pretty much this is I mean this is our
evolution of I believe where we're at
we're at the evolution of entertainment
and conversation is like our Bible and
that's what we're doing with social
media I tweet my shit like that like I
tweeted thinking like a hundred years
from that somebody's gonna read this
shit like we read higher graphics okay
so I see what you're saying so it's are
all of our way of talking shit out and
figuring things out the same how
religion was and that's why they
established these parameters yes because
you understand all right if you go this
way this is what's gonna happen I got to
tell them this so they it's like a child
you're not gonna tell them all the truth
because if you tell you ain't ready for
it
and that's what religion is like I ain't
gonna tell them that that God was I mean
that Jesus is really a regular person
because if you do ain't nobody gonna
trust no regular person I got to make
this motherfucker up me amazing walk on
earth walk on water didn't you trust it
yeah you know I'm saying but if he just
like me and you he fuck up
no man once you don't want to see a fuck
up yeah especially back then when
everybody knew that
no one knew what the fuck was going on
and they were yeah you know they made up
I mean not that any of the gods aren't
made up but they did make up gods God
for Thunder the God of War the god of
this the god of that that all these gods
battle it out over destiny there was
just gets bored yeah so I guess shit
that's what all this shit got from
boredom this shit we doing right now
this is border that's yeah for sure this
is I mean it is funny that what people
do today when they talk is kind of like
they're trying to figure things out and
rheostat like that's one of the so much
change going on with the way people
communicate and the thing that fucks us
up is our brain for sure we are more
nature than we're more this than we are
this this is like this is just
everything we talked about was just
speaking just talking just talking shit
we don't all the thousand times and
regurgitating what really makes us how
we move yeah what we do you know it's
about how your actions your action is
really much you creatures of habit you
know that's what really tells you like
I'm talking all day I can say I'm a good
guy but if I show it hurts you know yeah
and the other thing that you just said
we're creatures are how were creatures
that's the other thing like human beings
wanna think of ourselves as something
separate we're doing the exact same
thing everything did yeah live and die
we'll just do it weirder than anybody we
do it weirder than everybody else that's
I bet every other crew should be looking
at like look at these motherfuckers hey
just look yeah yeah all they do is give
up shit fucking death that's it get high
play video games do they get out movies
animals no I care about shit that don't
matter we fight we fight for sport but
this the most entertaining shit of I
wouldn't give this shit up for nothing
no it's enjoyable we're at a great time
too I love watching this shit I love
life that's the wrong the reason I want
to live long cuz you enjoy it I want to
see how that shit gonna play huh how do
you think it's gonna put out you never
know it's all about humans emotions
because it can go either way but I know
I mean I think it's gonna play out weird
it's not gonna be it's not the same
world that it was 50 years ago it's not
gonna be the same world it's gonna be a
totally different world and I just won't
look at it and be like fuck em I did
that one day I was at UM in Vegas that
was the place where everybody be
performing Dre Dre Dre us was that then
you know you got the outside Club and
I'm looking at it and I remember be
going to Vegas 20 years ago and like I'm
like damn this shit look like the future
like now it looks like how I thought it
was gonna look twenty years ago and I
was thinking about all the people that
didn't see this mm yeah yeah I got a
state to see how this shit gonna be
after this like I want this I want to
see even if I'm locked y'all like this
here I just want to see I want to have
it have my memory that's my that's all
that whoa yeah if you take out your
performer from the 1950s from Vegas the
old-school performers like you know
Frank Sinatra and bring him to 2093 fuck
what the fuck happened it'd be like what
the fuck someone hands on a pamphlet or
girls that come to your room like what
the fuck gonna be shit what is it gonna
be what's it gonna be 20 50 years from
now I think humans gonna all be one oh
like me and women is gonna be one we're
gonna evolve into one like aliens yeah
I can you see those alien little gray
guys there was up no day we're getting
closer and closer like even if you look
at ages you can't really tell a boy from
a girl do you really gain they all look
like they got the same structure like me
so they even I think Asians the oldest
people on earth so theyve all way
before so we come around to it
well they do this crazy thing about they
definitely a hundred years ahead of
everybody on there well they definitely
are for technology for all the things
they created they mean we talked about
this yesterday like a million firsts
came out of China everything came out a
Chinaman like they ahead of us they they
were way ahead they were ahead with
gunpowder they were ahead with
everything that's what that's what I
like if you want see how the future
gonna look go over there yeah you see
yuichi looks over lobulated protests no
it's untested in Hong Kong for how long
now months for what four months but
their government is changing they used
to be under British rule now they're
under Chinese rule and that happened I
think in the 90s and there was a in the
90s whatever it was it was there's a
there was a there's a lot of issues with
the Chinese government running them the
way they run China and the people from
Hong Kong wanted to be back the way it
used to be when it was run by Britain
and their extraditing people they're
doing they're doing things we're and
then the protests have been violent the
cops have been shooting people it's like
a lot of crazy ships and then there's a
lot of video of this and the the streets
are filled I mean just filled with
people protesting every day and it's
it's I mean it's not something that
comes up too much in the news how often
you hear about this in the news what can
we do about it go it's good question we
just watch it play out just like they do
with the with everything else with Vegas
that's why I don't get too much into
their type of shit cuz if I can't change
it it's like what the fuck I'm gonna do
one thing I could do is change what I
think the future gonna be that shit
there's some shit that was playing 50
years ago that's true you can't change
it but it's also true that's fascinating
is it yeah to me it is it's cuz I'm
watching I just think it's right over of
people with no power try to overcome a
tyrannical government that's happened
before in another in other countries you
know there's plenty times and someone
some lost it's just you got to figure
out what if you're trying to make it not
happen to us we got to figure out why it
happened like this and try not to to
make that happen over here for our
butterfly fit yeah well that's one of
the reasons why a lot of gun advocates
are very happy there's not very happy
that this is happening but you happy to
use it as an example of what happens
when you have an unarmed population and
an armed military that sort of tells it
what to do and there's nothing you can
do but of beginners I believe in gun low
I just don't see the point if like
because at the end I'll like if you put
the who not who not gonna get a gun now
if you make it illegal right the people
that shit
they don't give it you can get illegal
guns into it not me yeah not me but me
you can leave the guns anyway but the
people the people the law-abiding
citizens you make that loan ass they
can't get one yeah I was stupid at this
point and if people can YouTube and make
a good like it's just stupid yeah will
they make them with 3d printers yeah I
see I've seen it on YouTube yeah but
remember there was a guy who got in real
big trouble because he released the
designs remember that Jamie it was a
torrent was supposed to be and I think
they're arguing that you should be able
to do that and it's essentially a plan
you can go out another country and make
a YouTube page and do it like is this
the way the world is so connected and
far I it's kind of you could do pretty
much anything you want if you know what
you can do ya know now there's oh that
was a good tweet you could do it is what
I say you do what you want anything you
want to do if you know I watch this and
then and then post it about 34 minutes
it you would you didn't smart start
smoking weed two four years ago
yeah that's crazy I never smoked and
never drink I mean I drunk every blue
moon like on my birthday but I don't
drink I hate liquor hate the way it
tastes so what happened we're smoking
yeah um what well when I was younger
everybody did it so that was one reason
I didn't want to do it cuz everybody was
on drugs and all that my daddy used to
do crack and all that so I was I was
against drugs so as I grew up I just
never gave a fuck about it as much as
anybody else did but I'd used to love
the way that smell like I love to in
smells I used to be in the room just
smelling this shit and then after a
while then once I got to a point in my
life I was like I can't fall off like
this is the worst my life going gears
like alright I tried and then that was
the best thing ever happen to me trying
that shit when you tried it were you
like what the fuck was I thinking boy I
should've been doing this yes oh yeah
cause when I first did it I did get high
cuz like I tried to get the song shit I
was scared like I was like he's gonna do
something and I ain't doing shit I was
smoked everybody that was with us you
know I was just
smoking smoking smoking and then once I
started really getting into it I was
like this shit is really what's up like
what are the laws down in Atlanta I
[Laughter]
[Music]
don't know it's just so stupid it's
illegal
everything is stupid man oh it's just
that just make all drugs legal well
that's the only thing that's gonna stop
the cartels
I don't know what this shit I just
smoked but that shit good is here
yeah that's Kevin Smith shit that's uh
what did you call it Jamie do you know
Jay and Bob they all have different
little names on them I think that she
had some what's name only research new
goons this one says new goons is shit
good in a bitch this is the indica one
oh you smoke the indica one black yeah
like I like black oh yeah like in the
indicas you like they to me they like
slow me down like that's what I need
that's what you want that's what I need
I really do need it's the slow me that I
was way hyper I was doing way more
thinking to like that was why about too
much shit you mean no not too much I was
just wild like and I don't even say
while in a bad way I just say I was
saying way too much I shouldn't be
saying that
and especially this day and age will P
be any feelings and shit you know not
that I give a fuck but when you trying
to help people you want to teach them
the right way so what do you think
happened like what you just said that
people in their feelings today like what
do you think happens why do people get
so sensitive because with attached time
oceans more and we don't do that much
taken you know I don't think what
changed uh social media yeah a lot of it
but I don't like to blame it on social
media cos it's just the evolution
because they say the same thing about
television and all that shit
but I just think it's the use of it to
the to the public I think that's what it
is I think now every person and there's
it opened up our minds
even it's just new to the society as one
but over time of the evolvement
and will get smart enough to figure that
and it won't be that much we still learn
that humans are still learning their
feelings now I mean especially in
America they're still learning their
feelings like Asians and got that
feelings no more so so now we just had
our stage of still learning that
feelings and hating each other and all
that shit there once that does settle
then it'll come evolve naturally louis
c.k had a real good point about this he
was saying that it's like what you have
on Twitter we've always had it's just
people talk like sometimes people talk
and they say shit that stuff that's dumb
they say nonsense you know but this is
kind of like the same thing they're just
exact same thing it doesn't mean
anything it's just the same thing we all
want to say anything we just wanted
package different yeah and that's what I
learned on social media that's why I was
on it quick cuz I've learned it I
figured it out that seemed like oh shit
this is a new real estate yeah this is
where it's going so I I knew what I
applied that to the social media
internet and and that's that's how I
work so good for me it's the same thing
cuz it's nothing changed you just gotta
figure out what it is and take it from
the old glad to the new I feel about it
like two ways I feel well I enjoy social
media I think it's a good thing overall
but I think that all the complaining is
because people are getting there they
have a voice now that they never voice
before and they also get rewarded for
complaining yeah right people that they
don't last as last long it fails is that
but it's also annoying so eventually
what happens is people gonna wake up to
it and what this is is just a new it's a
new level of communication because
everybody can communicate now with
almost everybody it's real close to
everybody to everybody but that's
getting better though because 10 years
ago it was real sensitive I remember on
Twitter but now we got points like like
now people like Dave Chappelle could put
out especially talking real shit yes and
people take it for what it is well five
years ago you had to be like Kevin Hart
you know so it's like now you can really
speak your mind
so let's evolve and people getting is it
like it did bring out the the
the whole ass motherfuckers at the same
time after why I like bill bird shit
that shit was genius - yes like he can
say that now like five years ago that
special wouldn't work as much as he
would've got beat down but now it's like
all right the tides turning dance
turning so it's just it just takes time
it takes time for people to get it take
to have people to warm up to what they
don't want to accept yes 100% agree and
I think overall the more reasonable way
of looking at things is going to prevail
because the the dummies won't be crazy
for a stop you just got to be patient
yes just gotta be patient and yes just
mad no I'm a patient motherfucker we are
with those indicas hey I love this
indicas er that's a patient type of weed
mm-hmm hello you been scuba diving about
ten years now yeah
about ten years and that's where I
learned about life who's good with that
yeah Scoob with that and let me know I
didn't know shit how deep do you go down
had the deepest Abed like 130 Oh
but ain't none down there when you get
to that point
ain't nothing living down there okay you
might see his shipwrecks and shit like
that that's so fucking deep yeah is 130
says you there you go from a space oh so
that's from there and take pictures yeah
bring an iPhone down there or no that's
a nice lift no not that deep that was
that take the tectonic plates mmm where
you could touch the only place on earth
where you can touch North America and
Europe oh my god what if it ground right
way and honestly you can't I don't even
that you could do it no more because
they said its prayers a centimeter every
year some shit I was separating the poet
like Pangaea right you know the theory
of Pangaea
all the continents at one point in time
a long time ago oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah you know spread apart they
actually can piece them back together
and form one laughs yeah I saw that
yeah but that's what that's another
piece that we're still splitting as we
speak
yeah this motherfuckers moving
there's always finding shit right
they're always finding their like offs
offshore finest city they find some yes
there there's a lot of places that we
don't know we we more into business than
we into life well especially this aspect
of life that things are constantly in
transition and constantly changing when
you find cities under oceans well you
see shit like this is you didn't think
you know we thinking backwards so that
it's like we should care about this more
than we care about that cuz natural
disaster shows us every time it's like
we ants well you look like boom you're
living in Atlanta I mean you have to
deal with hurricanes the hurricane
almost hit me in Bahamas my house
didn't hit namu the last day it was
coming it was coming directly to my
house and they moved 10 miles up in this
by 10 10 20 mile and hit Abaco and all
of that shit how much of the Bahamas got
had that just that island of I think
Freeport and Abaco Abaco got hit real
bad though that shit like natural
disaster type shit like wiped out right
wipe out take shit are they getting
worse do you think that hurricanes are
getting worse I don't know I think just
life if nature is doing with this dude
its nature it's like that's like that's
like a little grasshopper saying you
think that you think the humans are
getting worse like he can't control us
and we can't control the AG yeah but
these fucking hurricanes are I think
what's causing them is the ocean water
and it is definitely warmer it's
definitely there I mean that's that's
just what this earth is is gonna
definitely dad's do something eventually
but there's nothing we can do to stop it
we can slow it down that's why they
trying to find other Earth's so we can
move at this motherfucker yeah we so far
away from the earth ending dude she may
not like to have yeah you know I do
believe we need to save there or so than
anything well save ourselves it's gonna
be fine if we go stay yeah yeah yeah
it's gonna be fine without us if we blow
ourselves up for her if gonna be okay as
far as life
yeah we gotta save life gonna save this
process no signs of life volcanic
eruption kills 5-8 missing this morning
the earthquake in New Zealand there
people on it what happened eruption
kills five eight missing people died on
a vacant they were on top of a volcano I
was like watching the news business yes
where was this New Zealand yeah they had
three tour boats that were there there
was like up to a hundred people that
were there right before it went right
before exploded like oh my they would
take tourists into the crater where you
could be like oh look at look at a
bubbling and people were like to tour
boat said be us left that's why they
have this video of it going off like
it's literally like there right there Oh
father one boat of people that was still
there and that's what people decide our
world baby
yeah you can't say eight missing that's
eight dead people yet it took some
drones and we're trying to like see if
they could go you know so crazy though
America hasn't had one yet that fuck us
up that what are you talking about
mentally like we're not ready for it
like other countries they get them
bitches every year yeah we ain't ready
for it that's I mean in the Bahamas it
happened someone this the worst has ever
happened but it happened so much that
you you understand you're not big as
nature America hasn't had there's
definitely spots that don't like la la
does not have it but Mount st. Helens
had a big volcano eruption back in the
day remember a bunch of people died not
not in modern day time yeah yeah I was
like 1980s
hello thanking this society man they
keep we couldn't do it when was Mount
Saint Helens eruption there's no way to
get everybody out the way need another
for how much we try to plan it well the
big one is Yellowstone that's beyond our
earthquakes no
volcano there's a volcano eruption in
1980 mount st. Helens in Washington
State I remember that I was a kid that
was big one man that was like right
before I was in ninth grade so I was
probably in eighth grade and this was
going on
oh yeah a bunch of people died yeah was
a scary one is it a city no no it's a
mountain you know but there's enough
people that live near it that got jacked
well you look at all that hurricane
woulda hit New York that would have
fucked up America oh yeah yeah I would
even think they realize if
came with a dick I was up there when it
when they hit it wasn't bad it was a
tribal to store but but do you remember
when Tribeca flooded a few years ago in
New York remember Shane Smith from vice
had a video of during that hurricane
it was during after one of the storms
and Dean Tribeca was like underwater
like people go in there apartment
complexes the first four feet of the
lobby would be filled with water so
you'd be sloshing through water to get
up to the stairs elevators down that
kind of shit so just a matter of the
hurricane exactly a real one like the
one that hit the Bahamas Bohemians they
understand how to live and keep MOOC and
bring it back Americans don't even know
how to do only people that'll be re
probably the Amish hmm if technology
starts from scratch start from scratch
again would be fuckin like we don't know
what to do hey my daughter I had I got
an old school like a 75 Caprice but it
wasn't my 72 by 72 Caprice I had my
daughter Mike huh she didn't know what
this was rolling down the window rolling
down the window hey motherfuckers
wouldn't know what it did mother like
matter of fact funny
Andrew I was trying to get directions
here cuz my shit was fucking up it was
so weird he'd give me directions by
voice
alright you gonna see a light you're
gonna turn left you got the old screw
way late no no we don't even know how to
use those little simple things like we
all know east west north south when I
first used to get gigs I used to get a
notepad and they would call me up on the
phone they go okay here's the directions
you're gonna take this to the that
you're gonna take that for six miles and
that's how you got to every gig you got
a do and you would write the direction
down on a piece of paper and I would
have like a folder for all the different
times that I wanted these places oh just
that's one of the reason why bo get
where I live on the island and lies to
keep my mind on some regular shit like
my mind is if I won't need it on this
island I really need it so I learned how
to sort of worst-case scenario happen I
could steal survive so if you get stuck
on the island the rest of the world fall
apart
oh if they're if the rest of the world
falls apart I could steal survive like
an Amish motherfucker
yeah that's saying I know how to cook
like like killed animals and shit like
that
cuz I ain't good there yeah I still
wanna learn how they had to clean a deer
I want to learn how to do that type of
shit but but for the most part I can get
some fish I know other fish yeah well in
the Bahamas that's all you didn't need
anyway right yeah in chicken chicken
chicken and fish and you could probably
have chickens just run around there's no
predators right
snakes what if I singing that there it
might drop me you know rich mother might
be bringing some type of animal up there
you put pigs in the water and shit oh
that's right oh that's right those are
that's the place where it is that the
Bahamas where all the wild pigs are they
come up people feed them yeah as a
tourist but now I remember I used to go
there it would used to be just me and
the pigs you know really how long ago
was that about five years ago when I
first started because that's the first
place I went back when I started smoking
when I start smart I want to go
everywhere I went before and get have it
tomorrow and that shit was one of the
places where they have wild pigs
swimming around the tourists you get
tours there really it's just like in
scuba diving they start just throwing
shit in the ocean like like little
statues and shit throw it in the ocean
and you go look at it and people be it's
just for pictures oh so they put it in
there and to try to get more people to
scuba dive yes shit yeah and then it
ended up become a coral reef and shit
like that over time so it kind of is
good but at the same time is really
that's the only reason why they put it
in there
pay for people to pay for to it it's a
weird way to get people just throw pegs
in the ocean it's weird that people will
go all over the country yeah people I've
heard people talk about in LA pictures
all these pictures on my Instagram with
the pigs
those pics of fuck you up too if you
have if you're around them you don't
feed them they'll bite you in your ass
that's a pig yeah baby fuck mother fuck
my picking them up taking pictures you
know that's so dangerous yeah they'd be
fucking with them they got to stop but
I'd be seeing them trying to they be
trying to get them drunk and shit you
gotta stop that
come on come on so they feed those pigs
every day is it that like a daily the
tourists do but it means so many
tourists coming there they give them
stuff throw them little brandy so
they're almost tame yeah they kind of
they kind of involved with it and they
they used to they come in this swim
teni guy he go on us on there I think
Nicolas Cage's throwing that island but
he probably sold it look at that
yeah I took that picture that's a great
picture right do they get food what
would they eat out there that's all I
know so it's just what the people give
them and they you have tourists tourists
some tourist boats every day I wonder
how they control their population how
they keep them from exploding what you
mean pigs make a lot of babies yeah and
they eat them would be right next oh so
the people on the island you okay they
steal pigs I guess I mean yes they break
it yeah so they feed them that's kind of
a wild way to grow ha
that motherfucker look like a tiger I
just looked at this one look like tiger
pig they do it weird yeah you know that
happens in regular pigs if you let them
more pigs do look nasty but they so
fucking good mean delicious like the
bacon yes good is fuck okay I had some
bacon recently from pigs that they gave
chocolate milk and hazelnuts to they fed
up chocolate milk and hazelnuts and do
it taste better was I don't know I don't
think so I think it just tasted like
bacon it's like a Ferrero Rocher bacon
forever now those little things they're
called this for I don't know how to say
it it's a hazelnut chocolate thing like
that okay yeah yeah I know it's a rare
Roche yeah okay yeah I don't know I
don't I can't really determine what that
tastes like
but it was just bacon pigs have a lot of
babies man what's weird about the pigs
is they're all one thing like wild pigs
and domestic pigs they're all the same
thing Hulk yeah they just get weird when
they go when they get wild their body
changes their hair grows longer their
nose grows longer the tusks grow longer
just from being wild and it happens like
immediately they could be out there for
a couple months so just naturally does
that
taking the domestic Pig you let him go
and live in a wild when he knows he's on
his own
there's a shift that happens in his
biology and his hair starts growing
thicker and his nose is getting longer
that's what scientists can use them for
something yeah for people like us right
as we go out there we just gonna
naturally grow horns and what we're
gonna get meaner we're gonna we're gonna
revert back to what we used to be when
we had a hunt and gather yeah and people
mad at us
yeah as we good it yeah life is I forget
the quote somebody somebody made this
quote maybe it was George Orwell or
someone famous is that if you get a man
sufficiently mad you can see the caveman
and the red gleam of his eye something
along those lines and the idea if you
push a person far enough that's why
people are always fascinated bus like
game of ival still yes like the part
where he beat him so much to where he
ended up just being like a pet yes
you know it's the same thing you you can
do that that's what anybody you just
mold and how you want them after why you
mold into what you want to be mmm that's
why that movie was with that show so we
doing stand-up that we do and all
everything entertainment we you know go
how we want how we want it to be yeah
how we see the world what we want what
we want this the world to be do you ever
think of stand-up as mass hypnosis I
don't know what that mean Matt maps of
mass like mass charge oh okay yeah yeah
it you have to put people on the
hypnosis and do it that's why if in most
comedy clubs the bar is outside of it
because it takes away the attention and
all right hey I thought you say a mass
associate it feels like hypnosis you're
in the groove it is like that because
and that's why you hate when somebody
talks or because it throws you out of
the yeah either hypnosis and the people
near amount yeah that's the real problem
yeah it fucks it up for the people near
you see people as you see them turn
their head away yeah
shut the fuck up you see that it's the
art and it takes time but it's hard now
because people don't care about art no
more some people do like that dude who
paid $120,000 for a banana taped to the
wall that was Provo he was right that's
why we're talking yeah I wouldn't talk
about that's why I never post about it
see I know what I'm doing I don't talk
about shit and I don't want to promote
it do you see the other dude ate it some
of the guy pulled it off the wall ate it
and he said that was you gonna keep
talking about it huh yeah it is promo
you're right but it's fine because now
that that promotes another person to do
it yes you seen against the ecosystem
that's why I try to watch what I push
cuz I know how stupid people uh-oh
that's the idea let me put a naked woman
there on tape on the wall either that
he's it's true stupid shit he make it
sense yeah that actually makes a lot of
sense it was called comedian okay what
was called comedian the art artist yeah
he's gonna keep talking about it I bet
he's gonna talk about it more look at
them you ever go to the LA County Museum
of Art mm-hmm good don't go there
if you hate that banana you'll hate that
place this fucking LA County Museum of
Art is one of the weird this like some
of it is art some of it's an interesting
shit and then some of it is like there's
one of them there was a plexiglass box
that was on the ground and I literally
thought it was a seat I go what is it
somebody sit on there got some crafty
way said no no that's the art piece mmm
so I go what is that supposed to be it
was like well the artist wants you to
interpret you know whatever is in that
box is the art whatever it is you need
some tea like what I interpret his mind
I would have walked off with it oh
that's how you do interesting
I think it's bolted down don't forget
the first idea that thank you from Back
to the Future no it's a there's a guy
named TGT studios and he makes these
dope clocks you want one I'll get you
one yeah I want everything you got in
this motherfucker
the flame sale it sold out of the
flamethrower that's dope we ran out of
gas on - you got a dope life man I envy
people that just can do what the fuck
they want how they won't you know I envy
that thank you cuz I have to think about
what I do because I have to think about
the people under me mmm so which I don't
what I do I just feel obligated to but
how does it stop you from buying a clock
now the guy I'm talking about be able to
do what the fuck you want like like this
shit is that's what I feel when I'm in
here just like and you can tell he
really do what the fuck he whoa yeah I
do what the fuck I won't don't get it
twisted but I still this is just dope
thank you though I'm very lucky
yeah we are allowed we blessed for sure
if you listen to this you're blessed
you're alive today you're blesses mm did
you achieve it yeah I like it come oh
that's um Joel Olsteen shit that's me
that's a great fucking song you got a
lot to be smiling for that song is the
universal that was from the universe
yeah that was all the universe I was put
out there for the universe I'd love to
see what it did that was the dopey shit
it's a great message it's a fun message
it's great to see what it did just to
people just how it brings people
together I just when people tell me what
it got them through what they doing or
just seeing older people seeing people
from from babies to 90 years old just
enjoying it so you won't even as a
comedian as I entertain to see people
just enjoying it and enjoying it for the
right way on what you put it out there
fo yeah you know you like damn this shit
working that's the best part of what we
do hey he's fine the best part is you
know work for me is like like you like I
really do what I do for other people
because I don't got everything I want
you know it's like now it's just all my
agenda is for the betterment of other
people as a whole that's what I want to
see that's your ultimate your ultimate
goal
my ultimate goal yep my ultimate goal is
to have a little bit of look Duval VIN
everybody I feel like if everybody act
like me the world be perfect you'll be a
more fun place for sure you making some
good points I'm thinking about how can I
help on Khan
nothing I'm thinking about you can't do
that at this point you can do something
like if you implement I don't you're the
best thing we can do in life is just be
the change you're gonna see just be that
everything we are is what we saw so you
have to give more examples of that
moving the movement that you want one up
is the move and it trickles down over
time the butterfly fit everything is the
butterfly fit
Dontrelle so trying to change that's how
you change it but in the meantime that
shit gonna happen I don't know who
writer who wrote depends on which side
yo that right hmm that's the second one
don't know who's white or who's wrong
depends on what side you're on
mmm Lil Duval bars you can see that like
you know like all black screen white
letters face black in the beginning of a
film you hit the J no moment no no give
me that lighter I'm just trying to think
that it's over over I'm high as a bitch
his Kevin Smith weed is legit a bit did
he say that some crazy amount of THC
it's like 40 something percent THC I'd
need some of it Kevin's another one he
can get high until a few years back
wonder what happened
well sudden he went from never getting
high getting high all day every day
that's what I love yeah this is my
pastime like I needed at this point just
to pass through life it was like I only
do it when I ain't got nothing to do
which is most time most people ain't got
shit to do we just do do you get hot
before you do shows yeah unless is like
9-1-1 it was just one time I just like
the at that shit with every word I was
like no I can't keep doing this I got a
way to act when I'm by myself just have
this sometimes too when you're traveling
you're already like a little fucked up
in the head like your head's always kind
of a little foggy plane rides getting up
early not enough sleep that kind of shit
then you have no that's why I got a
plane there Oh
so that made a lot easier do you fly
yourself you actually fly don't you I
try the fly I'm learning that's why I
just I bought the plane and learned as I
go what kind of plans you get I got a
baron 50 and a bear 55 and uh Cessna 421
and you learn how to fly them yeah I
know how to take off land and do all
that but as far as like really paying
attention and that's what it's hard for
me so I'm still trying to learn to pay
attention and learn what's would endure
when shit out instrumentation yeah
learning when shit broke him cuz the
motherfuckers do Burkean and I wouldn't
know if my my own pilot wasn't there oh
really yeah I don't know I'm sorry
what Pro lot of things that shit's break
like a motherfucker shit every time I
mean it's something on that motherfucker
right yeah but I'm blessed the way I can
afford to do it and it pays for itself
counting in what we do so I like it
though
and I like the fact that I like getting
more more people like me into it you
know the thing cuz I think a lot of
black people need to get into it more so
cuz this should be going on for a long
time and for to be going also longer we
not into it as much we should I think
that's a problem but Aviation's freedom
it's man it's the most freedom of them I
mean you you got a three dimensional
road in the sky you go wherever the fuck
you want but you don't know that going
till you do it so this this is you right
here oh yeah and this is uh s my bear
so is this propeller-driven it's a not
this uh engine just just a regular
engine but it's driven by a propeller
yeah yeah to to Continentals
I think there's got kundiman engines in
them so those are supposedly the best if
something goes wrong cuz you can still
kind of land them yeah they best this is
always best they have two engines
because my first plane I bought had had
one it was a piper and and he and that
would be cool too cause it's a lot of
laying the land on a nerf but I used to
go to the Bahamas and he was like if you
don't want to be over that water with
just one engine so I was like are you
right so I got the planes with two
engines on
so if one go out that bitch is still
flat I got video of that on there to go
to my rich bro page rich broke air I got
pictures of that it's showing with the
plane flying with one with one engine
play long have you been doing this far
by the yet they had this plane over by
the year by year and a half maybe so
right when you started flying you just
went ahead and bought a plane yeah right
when I worried when I bought a plane
that's when I that cuz that's my way of
getting into it because I don't know I
didn't know how to get into I was like
I'm bad and I have bumped my way into it
and that's what I did I found somebody
how did I find that guy in the Bahamas I
think I rented his house out to
something me he say I'm a pilot I said
really
I'm trying to buy a plane won't group
and that's the conversation bumped into
that but is that there right there with
the uh fly bridge broke air now that
ain't it that's my old now go to the go
to one of the last two posts on there
you can see you can see what the
propeller another and this old one is
the one that one propeller it's the one
here one propeller
yeah you don't want that right you went
to rich broker oh oh yeah go to
Instagram I felt I could send it to you
it is kind of amazing how few people
learn how to fly right yeah there go
right there but that's it would be
wonderful
one of the engines out the shitter
so why did he go out yeah
it's the dude fuck that what if it won't
start back up again well the other ones
you can say it now the only problem
there is you got a watch like if now
that shit don't cut that bitch cut off
why you taking off
you gonna you gonna crash you know so
you you want to watch your way you know
that shit make sure the engine is run
have you had any Close Encounters nah no
close calls I should say close call
Close Encounters I think that's like
aliens only thing i mighta had was uh no
never and then really happened so
everything smooth no problems easy
landings my first plane soon as as soon
as I bought it so the lay that bitch cut
off really soon landed my first play but
it was a whole other fuck you know old
fucking plan honestly you do all this
play I'm taking a rather old one to
these new cuz the new ones are stale
trial and error and they crashing and
all that shit there Oh like the 737 yeah
it's like those are still using new
technology you want some shit that's
been there for like 30 years most of
these planes you see now they owe
they're like 80s and 90s really yeah
most of them Gulfstream unless you get
the new one but the ones the rapper's
written I'm Simone 90s Gulfstream but
they still nice and they still good if
you keep them up and then most of them
ain't keeping them up I keep my playing
I look better than most of these these
commercial planes when I flew yeah on
the commercial of for the sound like the
transmission was slipping I do not want
to hear irregular noises on a plane
bird flies helicopters so I went out
with who bill burr
oh yeah you know all around Malibu right
after the fires you get to see
everything that was just devastated as
those that's crazy to see that was one
thing about here that
humbled people up let him know that
nature's reals the forest fires the
wildfires were out of control here last
year we got we got it we got it I think
I think we need to be humbled as a
country as a whole
honestly I don't want to prey on it for
us but we need something to Humble us
towards more so life than money
yeah and I think a natural disaster yeah
it was and we have no choice
do you remember post 9/11 do you
remember what happened it was the way
the way the country changed yeah I was I
was supposed to be dual carrier
yeah that day Wow I'll probably open up
for earthquake I was in st. Louis and I
got stuck in st. Louis Wow and we had to
drive a greyhound back Wow
that was the longest ride but that
changed the way everybody wants for a
little bit but yeah it made you realize
nothing else matters
that's when you realize what really
matters well that's a disaster oddly
enough that's when people are happy
yes we're happier when they've survived
something rough that's what island life
living does for you unless you you
understand what matters and what don't
marry mm-hmm that's what America needs
little humbling just humans needed in
general and when we get out of control
were like spoiled brats a lot of
countries got it
like I say Islands get it you know I'm
saying I mean you're always gonna have
corruption and stuff like that there but
for the most part they get it more than
we do
yeah they're in tune yeah you in tune
you nothing comes before nature yeah I'm
people Hawaiians Hawaiians oh I like
that very I mean as a culture we've got
to detach from nature in there you know
we don't we don't need it we think we
don't need it right you know so that's
that's where we have fucked up it yeah
you need a humble back for a second no I
think you're right I think right I just
don't want it to have to happen like
going through it
yeah I honestly don't like I don't
really own that type of time I'm like
shit I know it's gonna happen either
that's why I try to practice now and
prepare myself we do live on the island
and shit so I can be prepared
I don't want culture shocks I won't be
culture shock when the shit like the
lights go out and even a god shit you
know the first five minutes you cool
then like 20 minutes later like I I gave
me a vibe this motherfucker turn the
lights back on
the generator yeah like even though now
in the shit last time I was the
electricity they cut that shit off for
like three four hours just cuz it'll be
having no reason but honey is good about
they say they fix and shit but they
don't be fixing right there look there
was a big lawsuit about brownouts in
California they were doing it on purpose
they were just shutting down giant
wasn't it part of like a negotiation or
something try to figure out what it was
what it was criminal
no it was a bunch of your stuff let's
see I just use it as a way of I this guy
with a showing behind let's see what you
can do without this mm you know it's
kind of my way I I can't use the phone
it's stunning how quickly you feel weird
yeah all the powers I don't know
everybody has no power no one has any
power whoa just practice it but you
practice it in that goddamn thing what's
that thing you can think tank sensory
deprivation tank like that's just
meditation like you get away from
everything like that's why people like
camping you know cuz Campins like hey
this is what it's like you know this was
like if you live outside in your little
cloth house man if you go outside and
leave your phone for about 30 minutes or
hour the grass tile looking green them
just like you start really seeing shit
you know yeah is this getting maybe it'd
be the little shrooms or something but I
did just everything's enhanced is when
you put that down for a little bit it
just takes too much your attention yeah
takes all that attention mine too yeah I
try to put more into it than I give in
then it feeds me yeah you know it's hard
it's just sometimes just bored you just
wanna find out what's going on in the
world yeah but you gotta put your nature
back I try to put my I try to put its
still humanity back into it you know cuz
you could use it for good to put it back
out so she we doing it now mm-hm yeah
yeah we're doing it now it's just um you
could listen to this while you're in
nature someone might be on a run right
now in nature listen this highest fuck
what's up black but that's our amazing
transition between no weed and for four
years later full-blown all in I was I
went the same way in the beginning but
for me it's been more it's like 20 years
now
totally but is the same thing you know I
just thought it was for losers
oh I can't believe I was missing out on
this that's how I feel bathroom oh yeah
shrooms is really drugs that's what
that's what that's like
everything is the synthetic of death yes
you realize oh this would be trying to
imitate no that's what they're trying to
get this what they trying it they're
trying to get to this crazy place tree
but I don't like em oh no cause it ain't
for everybody no like everybody
shouldn't do it I use okay that's cool
five guys out there that shouldn't do it
yeah but I used to think everybody
should do it too but then people with
schizophrenia to become a real issue
yeah if you thought if you're not at
peace money yeah and you got to really
be understand when you see thing cuz
sometimes you don't come back you know
say some people don't come back yeah
just give me the box
but yeah it's some people don't come
back and you know famously yeah acid
acid does what's wrong fuck with acid I
mean I can't I don't fuck with nothing
that people die from you know Alan fuck
with nothing that that I can't see came
from nature yeah it's good move that's
only we this room that's that's as much
is that that's a good call for everybody
just other general rule you know don't
fuck with anything that doesn't just
come out of the ground that's natural
especially when something like weed or
mushrooms and has thousands of years of
use and a shrooms it like you're right
like we you realize like there's
something for everything any like any
other drug you yeah you got they got a
strain or something
that'll get you that same stimulus same
thing with shrooms is just like hey
that's the only time I feel like I eat
bad when you're on truth that's not no
that's just like as it is amazing isn't
even hard to explain because this is
like this is fuckin it's pretty amazing
well it's amazing is that it's been
around for so long and it's still
illegal so guys like you have these
crazy experiences it's illegal in in
Colorado now right I think Colorado did
something to decriminalize it but
Oakland famously recently decriminalized
everything ayahuasca mushroom what is a
lesson ayahuasca is the edible form of
DMT it's a drink that they take and like
to Amazon indigenous people who invented
I think somebody just told me about that
it's real simple it's not similar to
mushrooms in that it's you know it's
obviously different thing but it can be
insanely potent from what they say I've
done the synthetic form of it which is
DMT and I haven't done the ayahuasca
which is the edible form of it the
edible form of it is like well those
would be like more mild but lasts longer
I haven't had a chance when you do it
let me know you know what you know let
me know whether the everybody loves it I
don't know okay we may maybe maybe like
one person ever but there's also someone
who died recently from I'm still on my
I'm still on certain level I'm still
probably at level 2 or 3 with shrooms
like I went all the way ed wits level
tore through how many grams you taking
the most I've taken and this is about
mistake like 4 grams because I missed
and put the scale on mmm that's a good
solid dose and yeah that was too much
that she had me so emotional like I've
never been there I've never left and I'm
a comedian I've never laughed so hard
was that day like that I was laughing I
was crying I was just and it wouldn't
stop
my kisses wouldn't it just wouldn't stop
it just laughing farting
like I just couldn't control no type of
it's like all my shit was just like and
it felt amazing like it was just like
amazing I think that but after that I
couldn't do I was like I can't cuz I
couldn't shake it just wouldn't go away
it lasts about seven eight hours and
that's another thing about soon they do
let alone a long time yeah ayahuasca is
shorter than that apparently I think
it's I like it for a long time I I like
it
I don't but I only do it like once a
month cuz I can't go through that
emotional rollercoaster so so much yes
it's fun but it's like I was like a ride
it's like hi I don't want doing her
mother but but I didn't do it like once
a month maybe two grams and I fucked
only one time like and that was good but
I didn't do that much like I could fuck
only one it's just a little bit but when
it's a lot I can't ain't even thinking
about fucking I feel like I'm fucking it
feel like fucking that's what it feels
like hey I'm just thinking about it now
I'm going through my mind I'm sorry no
no worries you know there's a lot of
people to think that's the origins of
religion it is I think I think the
origins are dead and zodiac I think
zodiacs is really real religious I think
we really are science and some kind of
way of stars and all this shit connect
like real astrology yeah I think it all
connects I wish I knew enough about real
astrology to make fun of it but every
time I start talking shit about
astrology I'm like I don't really know
that much I don't know shit about me
them learning as I go I'm looking and
I'm paying attention I'm just going by
observation right see scientist to tell
you it's nonsense but are they sure like
there's so many weird factors that
they're taking into account the moon is
in this and the Mars is in retrograde
and Venus's oh there's all that shit
they're taken into account it's not even
real what they're saying I'm a like a
like I was saying earlier I believe we
are more of our nature than we are what
we think we are so I think if we're
connected all together
how to articulate good I've been I've
been working on there that's why we're
back and watch Ella cell again because
it's kind of like that but it's like
like like say France is a dog before it
shit the turns around like that just
natural right like we do certain things
naturally that we don't even know we do
but if you understand the connection so
that you can kind of use it to your
favor and change to change everything so
Brett I just can't figure that yeah I
ain't figured out how to use it there's
my superpower yet like I'm trying to
figure out how to use it in you know
people could take numbers and they say
numbers do shit in the world
certain things I think this there is
that in nature you know you just gotta
figure out like which time it's kind of
like even the social media I kind of do
it just let nature take its course and
do certain things in life and nothing's
even social medias in life I kind of let
nature take its course I plant the seed
and and let it grow you know and it kind
of does what it do so in the same sense
in life and I don't know I got to figure
it out a little more I got to do more
research with my words I know you're
saying but I I think I got it I think
women are more powerful with it than we
are they're more intuition towards it or
yeah they just don't know that like if
they knew how to control that shit
they'd be like gene on ax men hmm you
give them say yeah I do you know you you
ever heard of the e ching you know
teaching is oh eaching is an ancient
Chinese Chinese method of divination and
I think you like would ask it questions
and throw these stones and there's all I
think there are hexagons I think that's
what they are and they have different
marks on them and they read these marks
and it's supposed to predict things
mm-hmm and it's they've had they've it's
been around for thousands of years it's
really complicated it's it's it's a
bunch of different side you have what is
what it is
it's the chart step yeah this is very
visual so cool listening it's gonna be
tough but pull up one of those charts
this is well when you throw the three
coins you get a number yeah that number
then correlates to this chart and then
you get this symbol and I'm gonna
magining then you take that symbol and
then it equals one of these thing wind
heaven Lake fire thunder earth mountain
water and then I don't know how there's
a lot I think like charter law very big
like safe is if I knew the charts think
I could know when to be at a certain
place at a certain time to get a certain
type of energy that I want yeah
something like that
you know I'm saying like it's I I can't
I can't explain it but it's I'm still
trying to learn well there was a guy
named Terence Mckenna
and he was just very famous psychedelic
philosopher dude and he studied the
eaching for a long time and he had some
really wacky ideas but one of them was
he thought that each Inge was a map of
time and that's what it was created for
and there were were just we don't really
totally understand it yet and that with
this method of divination the reason why
it's so effective is somehow or another
through these things and viewing these
things you're actually having some sort
of an impact yeah it sounds like total
nonsense like hippie bullshit I don't
because he's good crystals shit I just
lost my train of thought
it's like when you we don't you know how
when like 20 years ago
the stuff that you know now I was still
the same shit but you didn't have a clue
about it like right I'm trying to think
how to explain it in layman's term like
like back in the day like we used to
wear baggy clothes you know hip-hop we
bag it in the mother fire now that I
look back I was like this shit looks
stupid than the mother but I was blind
back then but I really would because I
had on what I had on yeah but I was
blind and the motherfucker
it happens with people how about cell
phones but I'm saying in this in yeah
even in bear bothers now you look back
like what the fuck that I have
but in your mind so what I'm saying is
in our minds we really are really blind
it might be something right here we just
not paying attention to it because our
minds ain't got there yet right
you gave them saying different way so
and I said that the sake because when
you said we just ain't figured out the
methods that you say the way we ain't
figured it out yet it's there right in
front of us we just got it we got to
stop overthinking it's really simple
everything is simple we just overtake it
think about the car car had all them
different components to it and I was
just a laptop now simple and we could
have skipped all that if we would have
just had our minds right where's Aetna
go from the Model T to the Tesla and go
to just well just be me up right beam me
up you know the shit sounds so
far-fetched but now is like that shit
probably good that I think it's gonna
happen but I think it might not be
really happening when it happens I think
we might get locked into some sort of
digital realm that's what I think I
think we are in the digital wind that's
where all this shit coming here we've
all becoming digital so we can go
somewhere else it's closing in on us
like you said your brain is now the
cloud like we're just a piece of nature
like we think we're just evolution of
the next thing yeah humans like we're
not even supposed to be humans all right
I'm going to fuck we're going to no we
go away there was a guy named Marshall
McLuhan and he said human beings are the
sex organs of the machine world that's
it that's it that's it he just worried
that yeah yeah it's like we really think
we in porn but we really just a step in
between another step mm-hmm yeah we're
the what was Elon Musk cause he calls us
the organic bootloader for our
artificial intelligence well he thinks
is that we are here to sort of give
birth to artificial intelligence so it's
gonna take over from there and it'll be
the new life form my one if that's on
the way and like the gods are looking
down on us like these dummies are
worried about global warming they people
left us somebody from another planet
watching us is a shell right
go look at them the over there doing
this year again dude hide that sky in
here yesterday are they looking at this
world like oh they finally figured out
how to get to the Mars think about that
I got this book from this dude the the
author SC Quinn was in here yesterday
its empire of the summer moon and it's
all about the Comanches and the United
States fight against the Comanche and
how long it went down and then at the
end of it by the end they had defeated
the Plains tribes you just get this
horrible feeling of how all these people
got wiped out their way of life they had
for who knows a thousand two thousand
years is now gone completely like that
could be us and that could be us by our
own doing I mean that's a sensation but
I'm doing in in all Egypt yeah
everything oh that shit be done yeah so
I mean this happened then what's the
story in the Bible I don't forgot the
story which one the one with a weight
they Sodom Gomorrah when they cleared
the whole play cuz they saw there was
like Babylon it was fucked up oh yeah I
know what you're talking about Sodom and
Gomorrah right right right they she was
so fucked up over there that their guy
just washed the whole place up
yeah what was the place shit where's
what happened with my Christian sodomy
or the two cities
oh that's what they were walking away
and he said don't look back and want
somebody look back and he replace it
yeah that's the story that's that's what
the story is
I'm not saying as facts I mean but it's
something probably like that happen and
that's because they were all naughty
that's what Salaria very not that's what
Solaris it's not a buttfucking and shit
that's just hilarious what kind of a
weird God it's the problem when I don't
thank God I think it's it's more just as
a whole just hi everything evolves into
you know you put something in see where
it rolls mm-hmm this is what I shit
wrote too late what the fuck that's what
came out of that shit right mm-hmm
that's what that's what that's why I
said you really can't predict because
that shit can roll into anything right
now it certainly can you know I'm saying
like especially this moment like that
the shift we are as far as in the big
picture we had a shuffle like a
in the century of 1900 we we had a shelf
on that I think we're one or two big
inventions away from being
unrecognizable one or two big ones one
or two big ones and maybe 10 20 years
and things could be unrecognizable to to
the robots to I think they're if all we
have to do is get to a point where there
really is an artificial intelligence and
it can make choices and they can think
for itself I don't know how long that
takes maybe it takes 30 years I think
they don't I think that's here then I
don't know if it is but autonomous
artificial intelligence that can move
around like something that's built like
a person or a dog and can move around
and run the world I went to this Expo in
Japan and that's awesome damn near like
it yeah they're close they're getting
close I think they're there though I
think for real artificial intelligence I
think they need more more time but all
that shit is happening so quick like
they're developing quantum computers
Google now as quantum computers that's
just like man this shit been going on
like I didn't realize till I started
flying airplanes like all that
navigation shit was there 50 years ago
Hey but navigation satellites yeah the
satellites all the stuff we get known on
GPS now like GPS there's on iPhone they
invented shit out I don't know when was
it due don't know I had GPS on my phone
in the 90s oh yeah but I'm seeing a man
on my car even afford your car that's
one for your car they was in Lane 73 yes
started by the US Department of Defense
in 1970 1973 the first prototype
spacecraft launched in 1978 the full
constellation of 24 satellites
operational in 93 I think they have
FaceTime on the moon like it's it had to
be so that means it's been going on so
this technology been going on so just
imagine what they got now yeah there's
probably some shit we don't know about
yeah they got people morphing into
animals around this bitch you think so
you never know you never know
stay whoa stay was amazing this is dope
did you hear the shit that they
announced that China had created human
Pig hybrids or monkey
monkey Pig hybrids they make hype
residing anything knows what they're
gonna do man who knows people just doing
anything putting a shit in the pipe and
just they doing that with humans now
when green eyes I won't tell one day
they're gonna have an artificial body
there's gonna be a company that's gonna
have an artificial body that works
perfectly and they can guarantee that
you can take your brain out artificial
body and put it in this put it in this
new perfect body take it out of yours
put it like a surrogate and they
guarantee you you'll live longer you get
an extra hundred and fifty years with
Jewish your body I'm a moron I would
definitely do it would you want to live
forever no not forever but nobody never
know when to end that's the thing
there's like a parable about that about
some guy who lives the hundreds of years
but he has to kill his kids in order to
do it I think Trueblood was kind of like
that to that movie when the motherfucker
was them vampires he got tired of living
like I did she born well I was in did
you imagine seeing people complain about
the same things for hundreds and
hundreds of years you gotta kill in they
go against fighting funny right the
entire to this shit then they go again
but did you go through the same shit
every twenty years
yeah you probably get tired of killing
them two people that's 90 years old
tired of hearing this shit pee with a
view though you just oh yeah you just
laugh at the young people going through
they shit hey hey there you go did you
ever see interview with a vampire oh
remember it it's like Tom Cruise Brad
Pitt movie here but I was like should i
watch it the game it's a great fucking
movie but the whole idea is it the part
of it is this these vampires been around
for hundreds of years and they they're
starting to get sick of it
mm-hmm they're kind of freaked out yeah
that's not true blue or the tablet yeah
makes sense
my grandma man she lied really yeah my
grandma from Bahamas she she be like
like she be depressing like she cuz you
got think about it when you get old you
only one around you're gonna go talk to
go mad give a fuck your kids over come
over there to take takes photo-ops
either
I give a damn about that you know so
like history stories she she she passed
out in the garage and stayed there cuz
she thought she was dead and then she
realized she wasn't got up and walk away
right back in the house but you don't
want to be here you that's why you want
something you would even if you don't
believe in God you won't something after
this like well you gotta be some after
this shit you I wanted to be you would
want to think something after this
because this is this this is boring at
the end it's don't want in good it
doesn't end good see some people think
that for sure nothing happens and that
to me is just as dumb as thinking for
sure something happens you know either
way I'd rather be I rather be right than
wrong she she rather believe you I know
you ain't believe as I told you I
believe when you see a dead person it
seems like something's gone I swear to
God when my bit when one of my best
friend a comedian that they passed that
I rest when I was like oh no this is
gotta be a god or something cuz I saw it
like this you feel they're gone that you
know when I was in the room with him
right on his deathbed I saw it like you
could just see and you can see that they
see it cuz he really like at the time he
wanted me he asked me to play smile
bitch for him and I played it for him
and after that he tried to pull the pin
out his mouth
and the fun thing about I didn't think
it was like nose is it I didn't see it
as no suicide thing it was just like you
could see that he saw I next level I
mean next step
mmm you get what I'm saying and so that
I didn't let them do in the figures I
didn't want to see as I know them pulled
them down and told his sister to come in
but it's just you really see it being
when you're in there and you see life
and see it where it ends and and you
know it's not a bad thing you just see
like this is this is what it is yeah
this is one else yeah it comes and goes
comes and goes I mean is some some mix I
hope you know what someone said once and
one of the one of the gracie father's
talked about this to said he believed
and he lived his life
Elio Gracie lived his life like you have
to get everything perfect you have to do
everything the right way or you come
back and you do it all over again yeah
that's how karma there are people in
Indonesia think and there's no crime
over there
when I was at in Bali
well it's a great way to think if it's
right way to think and if it's right I
mean maybe that's think about even if
even if it ain't right you should think
that way because if you thought that way
if you thought you come back looking
like an aunt you ain't gonna be doing
too much crazy shit you gonna do right
you will do right by people yeah the
best way you can well that always makes
me think like someone like you like how
many times you done this ride you don't
I mean like maybe some people just may
be the dumbest us or just they're just
new on the ride that's what you know
what times that's the best way to
articulate it cuz it's like to me my
whole life it like this shit is so
simple but to everybody else is so
complicated like maybe you've been on
the ride a lot have you been on this
ride like a thousand times that's crazy
if it's real and look how many times you
think you've been on this bitch anyone
think but life makes none of it makes
any sense it doesn't make any sense it
you and I are making noises with our
mouths and we both know what we're
saying and we're laugh and we just met
having a great time smoking weed
together talk shit that doesn't make
sense either like life is bizarre so if
life this way this this way that we live
which is really interesting if this goes
on forever like I enjoy life and I know
you do right enjoy it it's great but if
you told me that was gonna go on forever
I'd go fuck like this just goes on
forever and ever that's a view that's
gonna give me anxiety so it's not so say
nothing then just let the spirit but if
it happens again and again and again
again and again and again throughout
eternity if that's what life is if you
just live this life over and over again
why would that be scary but it would
it'd be scary because if maybe I enjoy
this life but I want to think that
there's something better but if it's
just this life over and over and over
again I get it right why is that scarier
than doing it once because it's not
scary to do it once like right once like
right now I'm having a great time
you're having a great time Jamie's
having a great time we're having fun
right
why wouldn't want to keep doing this but
if I knew that it was gonna happen over
and over and over again forever I'd
probably freak the fuck out but that
might be what life is yeah that's
definitely what life is it could be it's
just as weird as life itself it's not
weirdest it's great when you look at it
as beauty ya know it's just like I look
at it like this like certain things I'd
never asked for I thought that would
happen but it happens in certain like I
like my certain spirits is just gonna
come to us that's what I think we're
more spirit than we are anything else
cuz where I'm from away from we would've
never met
we would another thing but even we just
come in here we can vive and and just
you can feel I could feel this you can
feel it like that
this shit's supposed to be here at this
time at this moment it's just all the
part of the moment yeah you get what I'm
saying I do get we're saying it's like
there's a process going on and all the
ups and downs yeah right just talking
but it's a process in the spirit that's
using us at this moment to get whatever
they're getting out of it and then go
somewhere else yeah yeah you know what
you're saying I've thought about this
before too because I've thought that
ideas imaginative ideas were a life form
I mean an idea just comes in your hair
like say if you have an invention that's
what the internet could in a lot of ways
right and I think in an idea in general
it might be a type of life form
like what are these ideas these have I
think this is sativa I don't know what
that is give a shot but that life is
like you know what was I just saying I
swear I had a point ah shit
I didn't mean though you all for I was
trying to be a good host dirt is no good
man I was just absolutely forgot what I
was saying fuck What did he say he's
rewinding - apparently back in this book
that game is just vibe with it but you
know I just kept anyway I do feel like
it's bigger than us even there - like it
ain't even about this is about wherever
this spear for they take to something
else
no whatever that is well one of things
that I think is great about being
articulate cool conversations like this
that we could get and put on the
internet it's a fun conversation and it
makes people want to have more cool fun
conversations it makes people better at
it you know I think this that talking is
in a lot of ways like an art form people
can talk and it's annoying but it's
they're expressing it's their
self-expression even if it's just
regular communication whereas some
people can talk they can tell you
anything and their voice is so cool you
want to hear and talk about everything
you tell me lots of mother shit but I
don't think I talk that good when it
comes to shit then I'm good at this
conversation talk maybe but the
conversation talks what everybody wants
your authentic yeah that's what people
want people want to hear a guy talk like
you that's just talk in the way you talk
rather than someone who's talking like a
newscaster or a morning radio but I
think people need more to see how people
move by actions yeah you need to see is
I could talk that's like a preacher
could preacher could talk talk you out
all your money if he if he know how to
talk right that only he's a good
motherfucker that's true sounds true I
rather person judge me off my actions
more than my words because my words
might offend you you might get pissed
off but I complete - and never have
enough you can't in none of my accent
gonna show a flaw in it and if there is
I can accept my flaws I mean I can say
yeah you're right I'm yeah yeah I did
that you know I'm saying but for the
most part genuinely I'm always moving in
the way to where I'm not trying I'm just
moving in the way of a good way in the
space of a more benefiting you than me
that's beautiful
I believe you too
I can tell you I can tell you all you
are on like that kind of a path but the
thing that I was getting at in a way is
that both those things are important the
way you talk is very important too
because you way you talk like it affects
young people in particular look it's
cool I'm listening to you philosophize
on things and just relaxed approach I
can't if I can't control what the fuck
am I worrying about it and that that is
a message that a lot of kids could use
as you know you know somebody just said
on my Instagram today they say and I'm
like the Robin Hood of knowledge for the
hood like and I was like Pam I like that
that's because they do feel like that I
feel like I am able to articulate it for
people like me
yes to get it yeah get what I'm saying a
hundred percent yeah but in also you
don't have there's nothing about you
while you're trying to talk where is
Robin true knowledge
Robin Hood knowledge there's nothing
there's nothing about the way you talk
that's contrived and that's what's
lacking what people are lacking is
people it bothers people when you're
talking to someone and they're doing
like the Morning News guy please you
don't even know who the fuck that guy
yes yeah you have no idea with them
that's a style of talk that they make
them do if they want to tell the news in
the morning but you don't have a goddamn
clues to who that guy is when you talk
about something you have zero of that
you have zero of that fake thing that
you're trying to project out there to
fake things weird things gentleman very
good to see you this evening we're
having a wonderful time here at the show
and you see darkness behind that guy's
eyes he's talking like you know what you
know it evidently I think they come from
where I had no choice but to be myself I
kind of molded myself I never was raised
with rules so now trying to be fake it's
harder for me to be fate than it is for
me to be real like I can't I'd be trying
to put on the face don't work like I'd
be really wanting to be fake because
they said I could work for other people
but I can't like I'd be trying to so
it's like easier for me to be to be just
genuine and it's because I'm not good at
lying like that yeah it's definitely
easier to be genuine but Solaris that
you tried to be fake how would you ever
try to be fake cuz they'd be working
from this man
like shit what did you do what did you
do where you tried like just trying to
go in the room and do the industry talk
shit and act like I care like I don't
fuck like this just get boring and shit
so thank God thank you I never I never
gave a fuck about I never gave a fuck
about always I won't be famous just to
be with the people I never gave a fuck
about the industry part of it like that
I may because I've been doing a long
time now in my world maybe that's what
it is so I don't intrigue me as much you
know it's like fucking a bitch a
thousand times maybe that's what it is
but oh no don't do nothing for me like
that what does it do what the the
entertainment part of it gets me to
where I can get to the people that's
what I use it for like I love the people
for real and then and the front of
everybody is like I recently found out
Harriet Tubman is my I like blur not for
real like so it kind of makes me like so
that's why I figure like that like I do
like helping the people you do like
helping she's you're great on yeah my
granny said my name's on the statue
oh I got that to see my brain is my
brain your brains are statue
no I'm say I got my brain no man I'm
saying I got the statue in here in my
brain my brain is an actor
your name's on the statue oh yeah yeah
the brains on our club yeah my name is
on the Harriet Tubman stage have you
always been like that I did did that
change at all when you started smoking
weed no I was always loved people I've
always that's what my name come from
just representing Jacksonville Duval
I've always did that so whenever I can't
wrap it it's in my name so it kind of
like psychologically for a person that's
my from there it makes them see
something because you are what you see
so that's what I always used that name
really yeah to elevate the people from
where you came from
yeah that's beautiful that's a beautiful
name for a name that might be one of the
best names Duvall yeah because the the
sentiment behind it
that's one of the best names I've ever
heard I love that I love that you doing
that but I love the thought behind it
that was the hotel from day one I mean
I've always knew I was like even where I
grew up it always knew like I supposed
to be here in this shit like then I was
like maybe God put me here to see this
shit for that reason to get out and tell
everybody that you can get out too not
just to be example you know cuz I mean I
think the world is gonna evolve out it's
gonna evolve but I don't want the people
from around front to get left behind to
so it's just like I let me show y'all
with what's going on so you can get a
chance to be in the same situation hmm
just to see the world a little more you
know so that's all that's why behold let
me find this so that's a great name and
the great reason for a name man
yeah but Harriet Tubman so just the
Harriet Tubman thing just made me
realize like him that's why maybe I'm
like this it just all goes back to the
nature thing we were saying like it's
it's in us over time you started
realizing that might really be where it
does come from I mean who knows an ally
traits like that to come from besides
learning from the people and my
grandfather that's not even like my
blood grandfather I grew up with three
grand daddies and I didn't realize that
was norm till I got older but he was
always in the community in Jacksonville
so I think I get like that from watching
him growing up it's wrong way out yeah
if he's a mentor figure and you saw the
benefit that he got out of it I don't
even know if I saw the benefit I just
think it's just come second nature you
are what you become I mean you are what
you see in this that's just the way I
moved from around older people like I've
always been around older people and then
think older people who people that was
raised by older people they end up being
alright because older people teach you
the right values in life hmm my first
friends was old people old my these that
bridge parties and shit here go ahead
search God shit
you know that shit in the brain it's got
to remember like oh let me think about
that thing seriously what data planet
you want still wait on that line don't
think I'm lying shit I'll get what he
got here oh that's the room that's what
it was the wrong one no fuck I had just
posted on but that's the the monument in
Bristol Pennsylvania some shit like that
and Bristol and is it just her living
surviving relatives on the monument yeah
yeah all the names of all the names of
the people that Wow they're good money I
found that's all my mama my sister my MA
my nephew all that's on there that's
some dope shit you know so I could talk
shit about that to be like maybe you
ain't got no by a grandma
great-grandma Harriet Tubman though I
wonder how much of that actually gets in
your genes I'm thinking all that dude
it's just like an athlete and like
athletes the next athlete be better and
better than your other yeah like this
natural genetics this is naturally any
experience this is like just natural
experience we probably met full spirits
ago probably yeah yeah like maybe we're
out like if we are both living the same
life over and over and over again we're
probably done this couple times yeah
maybe sir for sure heavy doe necks like
that there's people that you run into in
your life where you do feel like they're
supposed to be in your life like there's
people that you run into like this
person is B I'm them we're family you
know that and you you look keep that
forever I got friends long-term friends
for 25 almost 30 years that our family
they might as well be me you know you
get to that point with with certain
people were you like you know I know
them and you love it you love them so
well is how does it feel like over 50
like is that it you think that's because
all
with 50 it makes you feel like I gotta
be friends we keep the friends that get
close by no no I don't that's one thing
I don't worry about I know I'm 52 are
you worried about being alone no not
right now
maybe one day I would be but right now
what I'm worried about more than
anything is just keeping my health you
know just make sure our exercise and eat
correctly and take a lot of supplements
and make sure I keep my health to live 2
more years but not even that just
maintain quality of life see that you
get hit by a car tomorrow and be in the
best shape of your life you look like
Ronnie Coleman when you want mr. Olympia
still get hit by a car and died you
don't think the Hat you think it's a I
think happy people live the longest I
think they live longer
I think how long is longest I mean even
if you even if you're pushing 114 well
112 114 you're not gonna fucking care
though at the end is near yeah but I
mean like just most of the people I see
that's older that's genuinely happy and
moving and and healthy-looking you're
happy like that there looks to be that
the moving was that they they be happy
yeah like the ones there's a baby like
that you know there's a lady that goes
to this yoga class it's like cancer yes
yeah if will specifically exercise you
can see people that are in their 70s
they're still fit there's still exercise
you're still working out and they don't
have a problem when they can't move
around then get too old your body starts
to fall apart one of the biggest
problems is you can't get around let me
ask you this and this might be weird or
stupid turtles live like a hundred years
a lot more than us well however long
yeah they don't do that much moving it's
true if we didn't do that much movement
we could live longer I don't think
that's how it works
but I do think it has an impact a slight
impact I mean cuz it's like we're using
it's like a car engine
you keep running at all it it's going no
matter how much is helping it's gonna
hurt it more than its helping there's a
statistic about professional athletes
not living to over a hundred and how
many professional athletes die
before they reach 100 versus regular
people well I saw people only alone
right too much distance like if I know
how short people live long as I'm good
like that's my trip y'all gotta worry
about y'all Hill that's true it's really
tall people
what is the average age what's the
oldest a professional athlete has lived
bored of the line they have been around
for a hundred years right when was a
professional a sport started
Russell that's a good point Russell's
got to be the oldest and he taught Oh
motherfuck he told his mother I've ever
seen live he looks perfect in the green
looks fine him agree called is great
he's old man he was in a Bruce Lee movie
remember yeah there he was three foot
pop was that Game of Death 98 97 97 96
couple girls that were playing football
football player whoa but but you know
what when they put football in 20s then
I was little bullshit helmets you
couldn't just clash into each other like
today see yeah but see were you little
you don't have to worry about all that
Oh what we're gonna live don't live all
we gotta do is just be happy yeah think
about all the all the old people short
that's true there's a lot of short old
people although not a lot of giant old
dudes no ain't two-minute big old
motherfuckers it's me a fat old
motherfucker
no that's uh he came he might have been
one of the last ones he lived a long old
fat life yeah a lot of them time really
young like Ralphie may rest in peace
Ralphie Ralphie was in his forties right
John Candy I think he was in his 40s -
he's a big guy yeah
I don't even get into it like when
people died at age cuz we all I mean I
know they say too soon I don't really
know if it's a too soon or too late
because at the end of the day it's still
all like 100 years in mix of one of a
hundred years it's just do what you can
right here yeah
do what you can while you're here don't
sweat it don't don't try to change
things you can't change
and that's the big one the big one you
can't change is your own fragility well
you get that from the game of thrones
some shit the clock yeah no that's from
Russell built the dude on Instagram
who makes dope custom metal clocks he
does everything himself you Wells did
together
I got a started getting started on some
dope shit dope shit from I don't be
accepting stuff like that cuz PB won't
stuff back and that's problem people
won't stop back to me for me and if I
choose the poster that might but don't
shit I mean mister I don't say messed up
but a lot of money I turn it down just
as I don't do that type of shit like
that I don't do it either but I've had
people send me things and then send me a
script could you please write like they
wrote it for me holy shit this cool
exclamation but like literally later
they write it out for you I'm like what
are you talking about and make it bad
they don't care they're just trying to
get your something from you to help
their business than I hate they're like
I'm especially me i dude shit really
from the heart and I do it because I
want to do it I don't expect nothing in
return so when people don't have that
same type of mindset I don't want to
help exact like you can get it how you
want to get it but I just don't feel it
because you're not good for the
ecosystem yeah that's true if you're
around people that have that negative
mentality it's a drain it's not an asset
it's a drain it will fuck it up
you gotta keep genuine people right now
you try to just keep that spirit they
keep it going that way like I try to put
that is still in an injury to like
injuries and I fuck with injury jokes
man yeah good guy anyone funniest
motherfuckers
I put there's two people that put up
that I think the funniest people him and
Jase key them two motherfuckers and I
ain't just saying cuz they're my friends
they are my friends and I might be
biased but I still put them up against
anybody
I don't know J ski but I love Andrew
he's awesome I love how he markets
himself to is relentless like you didn't
need Netflix didn't need anything else
he's done it all
and he doesn't like like a business he's
a stand-up standing you know and that's
one of the artists is kind of dying you
know I'm saying but he's like a stand up
stand up and he keeps it I envy him he
doing cuz I I'm going to entertaining
and and doing stand-up and doing
everything else but just straight course
stand-up I like that shit and it takes
it there sometimes I have to reel him
back though because he will go too far
you know he's like on that board Atlanta
crazy and genius like he got his right
nigga well he's taking risks you know if
you want to make some good comedy you
gotta take some risks yeah but just it's
interesting for me to see people with
like him to have a great work ethic like
he's a he's a brilliant guy in terms of
like how he's putting things out there
and editing things and strategizing and
doing these the game he steadies he sees
and he takes his thing and that's good
for young guys once he once he
understood like just you don't need
Hollywood no more like no you know cuz a
lot of especially in our generation
they're stuck in the mindset of thinking
that is Hollywood but it don't really
exist in this day and age like that not
as much as impact on the coachee like it
used to that it it has an impact but
it's not the only impress yeah exactly
alright yeah that's what I mean it's not
the end-all so you can create your own
shit on a piss internet made of the even
playing field like you can do your own
thing so you don't really have to just
use that route and once he understood
that he took it and ran with it yeah
it's not even an even playing field
it actually tips the other way because
you need to use the internet no matter
who you are exactly you need an easier
if you hey they got to come to you yeah
if they're your motion picture company
trying to promote a movie you got to use
the internet and they got to come to you
that now you're the you're the book
Network and they got to come to you for
the brands and the ads and shit like
that good your Hollywood I'm Hollywood
you're really the new Johnny Carson
rounders motherfucker you know shit
being on this shit from way people way
people been saying shit like even like
man you gotta get on that show you gotta
get honestly I I just respect you as a
comic like I've think I didn't see it as
I don't see people as like the same
partner but I just see it as he doing
his thing he got his lane he went in I
don't be seeing the big big picture and
the way people seen and I'm like this
motherfucker got a got a goddamn coke
following around this motherfucker like
this man you gotta go get on there you
just gotta get on the show and I was
like hi McGill in shelters like me y'all
damn they're the same person y'all gotta
meet y'all gather me I'm like am I gonna
know shit about me about me fuck about
me I do though hey man so it's just
don't matter he's dope is dope to have
you here man it's been fun
hello we've been talking two hours now
for real yeah it's like two o'clock oh
okay that's cool like that joint man no
problem I'm still in some of this shit
it's still free no you know nigga still
free shit I give you whatever you need
man we get a drop-off from speed weed
do you ever use speed weed in LA so we
delivery service for my friend Gino
uh-uh outstanding stars he's delivered
me some shit well ordinarily we keep a a
chest we have a war chest he gives us
this giant wooden box filled with we but
we kind of drained it filling it up so
as to come back mmm should've had him
come back before you were here a tragic
miss miss sight I don't know Otto lately
you studied like Buddhism and Hindu it a
little bit of it I've read a little bit
of it I've never practiced it I try to
practice it in my way of living as a
scene like thee I think all that shit
come from that like the start of his
Hinduism I think but it's just like the
piece of it yeah it's just I think
that's where y'all start just nature and
do
you can just live free but everybody can
live free cuz some motherfuckers crazy
the Hindus stuff the ancient Hindu stuff
is fascinating because they they always
talked about this shit called soma and
no one knows exactly what it was
what was I mean it's a it seems like it
was some sort of a psychedelic I don't
think they've ever figured out what it
is they think it might have been like
mushrooms mixed with something else and
they called it soma they might have
created some sort of a concoction they
would do it in trip balls it figured
things out so it's probably real similar
to what's happening when people are
tripping today when you were saying that
you took four grams it's probably real
similar that feeling is probably real
similar throughout history people have
figured out different ways to get it
yeah when I was on that shit
I've seen the hundred dollar bill the
hologram when that bitch was up Hey
you could like you know the little
hologram and the shit comes up off the
dollar hundred dollar beer when you're
on mushrooms it does I did well then
motherfucker came up late night if
that's how the cops find out if you're
on mushrooms that's why I was like
whoever made the hundred dollar bill
they was on shrooms must pass it like
that shit what's your so I shouldn't
tell you this right I only like I can't
think of that bad bout it like I just
only bad news maybe I wouldn't do it in
front of people like that yeah loose
they did some studies on mushrooms and
they found that it actually increases
people's vision in low doses it makes
your vision more accurate like if they
have parallel lines I forget what the
study who who did the study but the
study was if you have these two parallel
lines and one of them shifts ever so
slightly off line you'd be able to
detect it quicker when you're in
psilocybin than when you're not so
there's two statistically proven with
randomly selected people who are either
on or not on and they ran this series of
tests and they found that the people
were more effective at detecting whether
or not the angle has changed so you can
see better
you have better a better view of reality
when you're on mushrooms unless I tell
them a homeboy act like I'm small
you know must really make you see if
happen yeah they think it might have
been one of the things that led to us
evolving
shrooms yeah they're a the sea oh yeah
you don't watch that show that's a good
show which I'll see now what is that
that's what the guy from Aquaman oh oh
oh that's right what does that call the
Apple show yeah yeah cause see it's good
show now that's a real good show and
it's about them being blind him that
makes sense so it's like naturally
created vision but that an improved
vision and it was one of several things
they think led to a valve and quicker
one of them was that we started
experimenting with different food
sources but more access to like bugs and
you know rats and all these little
things that we could catch we started
hunting things then we started using
tools to figure out how to hunt things
and all during this process we're eating
weed and we're eating mushrooms so we're
probably interacting with the
psychedelic compounds that people have
used for thousands and thousands of
years when we were primitive man and so
as we're taking these things we're
trying to figure out new ways to hunt
new ways to protect ourselves from our
enemies new ways to farm we start
inventing things and start inventing
language to think there's a direct
connection between psilocybin use and
the ability to create words and and
language so really we all want we all
just nature yeah we just keep evolving
and evolving we're nature that lives in
houses yeah that's what we are that's
crazy right now that I'm thinking like
so the shrooms so really everything came
from this room and this room kind of
trim used us yeah this room used as in
growing in interesti the shroom used us
to manifest reality the the shroom used
us to create life it's not just a shroom
it's the ideas too like I think all
these ideas that you get we were talking
about this earlier like what is an idea
if you have an idea like hey I'm gonna
invent this thing this thing's gonna
benefit mankind you just have some crazy
idea that's supposed to fix things maybe
it sucks pollution out of the air and
then someone takes that and runs with it
and improve something else then someone
takes that and improves something that
you're doing this
among on giant scales millions and
millions and millions of people are
doing this and they're contributing to
this and they're all using ideas they
have ideas then they turn that idea into
a physical form and then every year they
expect it to get better and better and
better
every year they innovate nobody ever
looks at a television he goes 72 inches
it looks clear let's just stop no more
TVs it's blue this guy they give always
gotta get bigger always but why is that
the reward is improvement like it's
constantly gearing towards improvements
like that it's bore them bore them well
that makes us do more and these are
ideas right ideas that we turn into
things and along the way there's a bunch
of shit that fuels our desire to get
those things and make these things
happen like lust like materialism like
maybe what materialism or people worry
about it being so empty maybe what it is
it's a function of getting us to invest
heavily in newer better shit so that
more things accelerate faster and faster
and that these new inventions come in a
faster and faster rate because that's
what we're constantly focused on his
newer better shit so they're constantly
inventing and improving and all the
while we're just dumping money into the
birth of our successor yeah the
technology so we're just a movement we
evolved from the shrooms to the human to
the ideas to the culture to the
different cultures interacting with each
other the resistance of these cultures
interacting with each other so whether
we just organism we're an organism yeah
a fucking awesome one though as much of
a fuck what they talking about
ain't nobody getting shot anybody doing
all that type of shit that shit was
boring to me nobody sent a video through
the air
FaceTime in Viking porn you know
nobody's flying helicopters yeah ain't
flat submarines pianets submarines man
you've never seen no goddamn ain't never
seen no lying 120 feet yeah I done that
fuck submarines man if you were high on
a submarine I always wondered like they
got to be the dumbest job to ever
won't play do you know you're like have
you ever been
have you ever school with that like I
just told us Norco that's the most I've
ever done like I was saying like scuba
diving like by the time you get past 100
feet it's just dark
it's nothing down there that's worse
than being in jail and solitary
confinement and how long do they be down
there there's people that be in them
some hope for a long time they got to be
crazy
there's no way you can't tell me like
that solitary confinement by these cells
yeah that's just like in that movie I
was saying on I mean that show it far
mankind they was up there going crazy
yeah they was going crazy because they
because they had to wait for something
to be fixed for them to sit up there so
every two weeks they had to wait and he
was watching the same show over and over
over and over they had the practice net
shit and they went crazy I couldn't
imagine what coverage 30 days up to a
hundred underwater yeah oh my god thirty
days bro 30 days underwater how bad is
that toilet smell by the way we should
talk to some some seamen how much do
they get paid to do that
how much do they pay you to do this not
enough there's no way they would get
paid enough 30 days underwater it could
be all the money in the world dish if
they were getting paid correctly there'd
be no money left for anybody else
30 days underwater in a submarine why
that's the craziest reality show ever
shit I just put that out in the universe
someone's gonna do it they're gonna be
it's called Project Nemo the Big Brother
project Nemo just film people under
water for 30 days no see this shit that
could be a great reality show look
whoever whoever is listening that's
thinking about doing it just go ahead
and do it
make it you have that do it have that
will do it for the culture that's that's
for you do it for the codes
whoo that would be a popular show a
fucking submarine filled with people for
30 days I don't even want to get on a
cruise ship man do you fuck with cruise
ships no I've never been on a cruise
ship never want to well I'm not that
yeah I don't like being in the place I
like
in my own place like the island that I'm
on this not nobody there but I like
being there but I don't want to be in
the middle of the ocean yeah and I can't
go where I want to go like that's right
you're not gonna do me like well yeah
it's also like and I know how powerful
that ocean is so I'm gonna play with
that fuck yeah
most powerful thing on earth it's also
like the thing that's beautiful about
you and your plane as you go over the
fuck you want you get up and fly and you
kind of you're free you get to
experience it the same thing boat No
why not I don't know I'm thinking about
right now but it's the same thing in a
boat like when you're in a boat right
you're out there on the ocean you go
left you go right you can go wherever
the fuck you want that's something
beautiful about a boat is that you're
gliding across the top of this water and
you're kind of in control of your
destiny you can kind of decide where you
want to go you could be casual you can
enjoy the it's just drive along the
coastline just fucking Cruise Line are
you ain't doing nothing doing none of
that you gotta go with a wants you to go
and you're on there with a bunch of
other people and everyone's drunk yeah
no I don't if I wanna be bothered with
somebody I don't want this sit in my
room cooped up and every now and then
people throw people overboard yeah I
don't like tourist spots like that right
this is surprising how rarely it happens
if people throw people overboard so it's
probably lately
husband and wife back in the day they
probably used to but they probably got
it to where you can't throw people off
they probably okay I mean like most of
the places for people off good luck in
Vegas you can't throw they can't jump
off no fucking building them oh really
they won't got balconies on the mum on
the mum casinos not in the regular hotel
rooms because too many people were
jumping to people to me the people's job
is 300 people since nearly 300 people
since 2000 gone overboard on cruise
ships and ferries holy said that too but
holy shit how many people might have
recovered this wasn't just as according
to a professor in Canada so I don't know
if that's just Canada do they ever
recover them have you ever heard of one
getting recovered don't they just keep
going usually because they can't stop oh
my god they can't stop is that true
bro I've just heard that you got to be
careful because they're not gonna stop
for you I've never been on once I don't
know there's hard that's why I don't
care about cuz I'm never doing it so
fuck that are you crazy they don't they
don't stop for you I feel like a whore
check I'll check I feel like if you want
to do that do you
yeah Jamie we might be getting sued now
by the cruise lines to someone might
snot for you there is absolutely no
merit anything young Jamie have said I
disavowed you could see the amount of
smoke in this room i disavow I don't
mean nobody said that's wrong I'm sorry
he said if someone fell overboard they
wouldn't even stop oh well we lost him I
was like how many times they get you
after you fall overboard don't they stop
if they don't stop that is fucked up if
you go overboard and they don't have
some sort of a solution to try to go get
you that seems crazy but if you did it
on your own wheel you crazy
that's you can survive the fall first oh
really who's the ships are very high
what I'm reading right here oh yeah they
do have a process to go get people if
they fall I think they have smaller
ships they can send out and go back and
you survived thank you that's a long
jump to the bottom right what if you hit
it face-first like an asshole that's a
fucked up window man falling off a
cruise ship in the middle of the night
ah shit
I've been playing the countries with you
just want to drive off you can write me
if you don't value a life shit you can't
be you can't put everybody else and
upset I'm not to be upset more upset
about who you are if that's what
happened if people just jump off I
understand what you're saying yeah yeah
that's what I'm talking about but
sometimes people get thrown off oh well
that that's yeah it's always like a
husband's like I don't know what you
want I came out here no one here anymore
I don't the for Karpin they see him the
day see him walking around the day
before looking up for every security
camera I think they got him on footage
marking security cameras trying to
figure out where is the best place to
throw a reward
the Lobos soon will be making another I
was watching it not too long ago this
says they turn around they turn around
who says they do little if it falls off
of that man it's so hard to put back in
place
oh I thought it was like one of them
that you touch it in the light touch no
it's a there's some some magnet that is
making it float in the air but when I
tell you it has to be perfect
I mean it is so hard to do Jimmy how
long it take you to do I didn't even get
to do it at someone else had to do it
Taylor do it I've done it once it's Jeff
did it worse it takes like 10 minutes or
like it could take yeah you could get
lucky and you do it right away or you
might be doing like this oh who gave us
up and I was about to do this next I
didn't I didn't even know it wasn't
connected think on that I know you do
but yeah we came real close I thought
that was going down that one next to it
that's a real luck the whole vibe no no
it'd have been fun it's that that's too
fragile I mean it's awesome
but I mean if that's what happened to
something the fucking helmet is the shit
though that's all that will do no no
it's a real helmet see you Hollywood no
that's a guy named Shane against the
Machine he's also an artist on Instagram
I bought a couple of things from him but
this one is a real helmet from World War
two and a real bayonet that they
converted into a lamp oh dude it's weird
every time I look at it I think about
like somehow or another this helmet from
war from the 1940s is now a lamp in my
studio how do you think the next war
gonna be I'm terrified I'm terribly a
kind of socially uh I mean that's so I
think we'll be more electronically
electronically it could be it also could
be diseases
it could be engineered disease is that
why you know half the fucking population
yeah things can happen
Russia was working on a lot of
Chett during the Cold War and I wonder
how that shit gonna be that shit
terrifies me diseases and artificially
created diseases such as terrify or even
artificially : the grade that they
anybody could be that anybody can make
that happen well some people can they
definitely did for a while during the
Cold War just we're lucky that I'm
telling anybody can make a disease there
now if you with with technology and just
learn about the Internet you can teach
yourself I deduce news you can but you
know we went to the Center for Disease
Control once for this TV show that I was
working that we talked to these guys
that are working everyday like in these
space suits with like incredibly toxic
viruses they have it in Galveston Texas
so we went back and we saw these labs
and everything like that and we were
asking them about engineer diseases and
they go listen fuck engineer diseases
you got to worry about real ones
just regular diseases every now and then
a pandemic comes across a flu you can't
fix there's some new Ebola you know
there's some new things yes always new
strains that's why the flu shot doesn't
always work correctly on everybody I've
never had the flu that's good for you
yeah I have all the other shots but I
don't get a shot every year I just don't
know that's the best way to do it I
think the body is made so perfect like
long as you all know abusive abuses like
it's Skov heal itself sort of but you
need penicillin you need drug you need a
lot you need antibiotics you need that
chicken we can have both things we could
have science and we could have reason
right you have except right you twist it
when I get sick I do use like certain
shit without I don't like to rely on it
like I don't know how to swallow pills
good for you I don't know that's why our
videos I have never swallow a pill
before in my life you ever take vitamins
I use B C powders okay like when I get a
headache I need to have to take a b c
product but as far as that that's as
much as I do like if I have a headache
yeah they make vitamins you can mix in
your drinks I do vitamins like I'll take
a vitamin like them to a days so shit
like how do you take it you smash up
everything go get on me bears gummy
bears make kids take cvd gummy bears
right yeah those gummy bears CBDs are
great are they ever saying I don't know
we'll get something if you get a better
job I want to sell some CBDs make my own
brand CVD coming bears because like I
used to give a man they had cancer to
died the one I was telling you about
he used to love them them CVD pain so I
think that would be dope well people
that have arthritis it's a life changer
fatherhood yeah a lot of my friend Dave
had these really locked up fingers his
fingers were fucked up he just couldn't
bend him couldn't straighten him out
started doing CBD and his hands just
slowly but surely relaxed and now they
were perfect I mean that was something
that was fucking with him for awhile I
don't know if it's because over time I
haven't dated but like when I Drive my
old-school car the steering wheel it's
hard to hold my hands lock up and I want
is that because over time by using the
regular by the steering wheel getting
bigger as my hand evolved to where to it
it can't even do that no more can't grab
ahold of a skinny wheel is your old
school kind of steering wheel a little
skinny old school old school shit what
kind of car is it again a Chevy Caprice
and you said it was 70s 72 degrees 72
you got it all built out it rooms you
know Florida style Florida styles giant
wheels right there's no it for size like
big old school chevy what is that
there's a name for that which I posted
on Instagram when we landed them about
me once
it doesn't call yes though I got this
one for the show you right now
there there you have dunks so I was in
Miami and this guy had it was a really
nice car too with these ridiculous huge
wagon wheels here you go right here man
got 20
thank these 24 it might be 26 is Oh My
Jesus look at the size of those wheels
that's outrageous hey that's a
good-looking car though it's beautiful
appreciate I love old cars man C kill'uh
might get all oh shit look at that one
like that look at that one that way
that's beautiful yeah that's a desert
like that it's just a coach you're part
of the coaching pants ridiculous man go
back to that purple one though that
purple one is beautiful just fuck get
rid of those wheels and everything's
perfect look I'll go back your man that
thing God let's go back a little bit I'm
gonna tell you like my type of staff
dude that crack that blue and go up to
that blue like that's sitting right
you're not sitting right with those
wheels I was sitting right leg like
leaning back like that that's like
that's how much I got a bird in the it's
it's like that Oh see I grew up driving
muscle car was well I was born in New
Jersey but I grew up in Boston okay I
lived everywhere man I lived out here
for a little while when I was a kid in
San Francisco I lived in Florida for a
little while boys ville yeah and then I
lived with the flow of it yeah we were
in Florida we're in Gainesville for like
three years
and then I lived in Jamaica Plain then I
lived in Newton which the suburb of
Boston then I moved to New York and then
out here you start Boston okay what
about you I started to live uh
Lance got seen I'm started laughing
skull is a fucking great little Club
I've never done oh you got to go there
man you got to go there it's a perfect
club it's like I don't know how many had
seats I don't even think it seats a
hundred I've probably I've heard of it
but I've never been over there it's
above this killer burger place to have a
killer burger place downstairs but it's
just a cool I'm cool vibe how many four
seats 74 seats
74 seats man I try to do that when I'm
in Atlanta I've done it a few times
I'm gonna go it's one of those ones it's
like it's just a perfect little spot I
started at Uptown comedy corner
and 99 I've been doing 20 years now Wow
yeah shit how long you been doing 30
there yeah what is it now 88 I started
so 31 31 years I started in 88 I started
in 31 years that's so crazy
that's why I feel like it feels long but
don't feel long it's like damn them yeah
it doesn't it doesn't it does in that it
has been a long time like a lot of times
around the Sun but it doesn't in that
it's still exciting it's still funny
shit man when I'm about to go up at the
store you know we're all hanging out and
look at my phone check out my new shit I
get another I get more a kick out of the
crowd it's doing that then I do the
stand-up part of it I mean the
socializer stand apart yeah good people
unless I really fuck with him as a
person
mmm-hmm you know I'm saying like I just
like I like the stage more so yeah I
know what you're saying then the comedy
just chilling and mm-hmm I like that
part
you don't like chilling I do what I like
the part is just the the energy around
that part of it oh well it's different
places of different vibes yeah you know
when we're real lucky in LA everyone's
real friendly real supportive it's like
very family out here everybody's all
huggy everybody's like real supportive
it's there's no like it's been never
been a time in my career where I
remember less bitchiness
less squabbling well you didn't let the
bottom it's a lot more scrambling
dog-eat-dog world so people cut it is do
that a little more so I remember some
look different oh yeah no I remember
then come on you make it I'll make it
that's how I used to say shit that is a
problem you can get one of those these
motherfuckers ain't shit guys deeply in
your machine oh yes there's no way
you're gonna get around that that's a
test of life life is just throwing you
another extra puzzle yeah but you can
get to a point where you can make your
own ecosystem touching your own circle
it's like I you coming if I won't allow
it you come in this if I see if you if
you genuinely
you know yeah for sure and then if you
can't you do your thing over there the
problem with those ecosystems if you get
somebody who's not doing their best and
is annoying and doesn't want to change
sometimes people do get those you get
haters you get people who try to
sabotage your fun it's real unfortunate
when you run into people like that but
they do exist they do but I can count
I'm a good judgment of character I kind
of read all vibes and I don't go by how
you treat me I'll go out you treat other
people hmm
is you can really see because they treat
them like this another time up treat
people that can't do shit for you you
know you get a lot of people asking you
to shut all the time and I have no
problem saying no I'm not alright cuz I
I do I do stuff genuine out my heart to
out for real so when people when people
want me to do stuff I do what I want to
do I'll do what you want me to do you
know and I know I do enough to where you
can't make me feel bad for not doing
that right my own true I know what I do
you know I wouldn't be where I'm at now
if I wasn't doing right you know so you
dudes like want to open up businesses
with you and shit all the time
hey I got the idea whenever a person
like especially when they wanna do shows
and shit I'm trying to put something
together when you hear they're you know
you need to do it with me put nothing
together I'm trying to put something
together I'm producing this little thing
yeah I'm producing this little bag I got
Dede if I could attach it to ya ya ya
know ya know that gal oh no I hate it
but that's always part of the the whole
hustles it's always gonna be those guys
that try to glom on and and try to sell
something attaching you to it and what
they do yeah it's like you how am I you
you can try me but don't be mad at me
for saying no hey man just in their eyes
it's the best project of all time it's
gonna be amazing
trust me it's going to be for your own
benefit if you come along on this this
was I say if you mad at me for that stop
fucking with me hey yeah you're fucking
with me she made this easy for me yeah
yeah
yes just important to find people that
aren't like that people that are
supportive supporting each other seeing
your friend support your other friends
this tastes good it's good we right
that's a sativa that stuff's gonna make
you think about space which shit we
already talked about that shit I had to
bring myself back because I didn't wanna
go too far left on the show too far left
too far out do well trip in there yeah
and plus I can't articulate it enough
I'm still learning it so in the Bahamas
they probably have very little light
pollution huh don't worry that's why I
say it looks like you have a space X
jokes he came to my house X him that
shit looks like out of space it feels
like you're the snowglobe like when you
are there you see every star when you
were you out there you realize like this
is why people thought about out there
more because before technology at night
that shit probably you have no choice
but to look up there yeah that's what
people need to see right yes
when you look up they're like man they
up there like something going on you can
you see shit going on like I think they
are already up there chillin it's a club
up yeah
a club who just people are nodding like
nah no just kind of these motherfuckers
just chilling like like like on district
9 and shit
you see me I think that was the mood
where they had another little space up
there that was that movie know they
bring tourism down
they probably having tourism up there
now they trying to do that to tourism in
space yeah yeah that's gonna happen yeah
Hotel they're gonna open up oh Jesus how
the fuck would you be able to sleep when
you're hovering over the earth I wonder
how many likes to ever get
[Laughter]
that would be like the ultimate
Instagram influence her big booty girl
I'd be ripe ick sticking her ass out and
behind her you see the earth life is all
about being happy I don't buy this this
is a positive 2020 you can go to is se
selling tummy tea you reap what you sow
and tummy tea I've been drinking this
juice and look at must it is amazing for
your hair I mean amazing what you say
what is it the International Space
Station that's that this article here on
NBC said that there's plans that have
people going there not to stay there but
to go there next year and then a oh yeah
there are four people by 2022 whoa who's
gonna be the first to fuck on try that
hotel try that's right that's right I
love you the first one that's just ahead
rules if I have a doodle cameras that'll
be the first point I do cuz I'm going
viral that day I'm going Instagram
laughs and oh my god that just skeet and
just blow on it rings tied up in a bow
you should be the first to ski into the
air astronauts they've done that before
I've got no way they was that board up
there did start jacking off adjust that
that's just sceeto I don't think they
ever get a moment where they're not
under camera that was man who gives a
fuck if you fun fun much you think you
gonna give up what they gonna do to you
you know what you gotta come back down
here jacked off and let
there's footage somewhere I promise you
we gotta find the cool astronaut this
time yeah fine to the air like a cloud
are we still on there yeah oh my god oh
it is fun as fuck that's a good joke to
have people over has anybody had sex
since come on man but I want to know if
it's been documented bago say come on
people write books
wouldn't you what you trying to do you
won't be the first mother fuckers out of
space ah man I definitely would see it
you kind of have to no official
officially yet nothing officially
correct but maybe someone has I mean
maybe the Russians say there's not we're
not the only ones they go to space
russian sputnik' vodka and bone and they
probably have orgies up there yeah I'm
telling you man music during the EDM and
they've been fucking on the moon
everything I'm telling you is not all on
the moon we've ever been visited by
aliens mm-hmm yeah theres walk amongst
us now they coming in coming to see how
stupid we are and go back and tell these
stories and shit you think so I mean I
can only see why I mean if you thought
there's no way we're the only people in
this whole universe there's no way this
only happens one time in this one part
so it's got to be somewhere else and I'm
pretty sure they weigh your head as far
as technology and you know what's the
other word progress innovation yeah all
that yeah wait fuck yeah
so if they gather know they gather be
they gather look at this the only make
sense yeah if we could stay alive for a
few thousand years longer than we are
now
I mean imagine how much
she would have by then and who knows
what they've done you know whether it
mean they might they might have they
might have created a technology based
entirely entirely on their atmosphere
and their planet it might be just a
different way of propulsion a different
way of organisms different way of
everything there's so many possibilities
they can be sort of trips that's that's
the that's the power like rips like
those are humans I read something
somewhere about the possibility of there
being living creatures in other parts of
the universe that are made out of light
that's that's what I mean like it's like
what are the what are the parameters for
something being alive with given all the
different possible environments in the
universe like what it's all about life
is like what life we've ever discovered
on earth like maybe life can exist and
bizarre crazy environments just a
different light like that cocoon like a
different kind of life I mean like that
movie cuckoo who's like old people and
then they got young yeah if I can but
but the thing was it came and they
looked that look cool in the spirit like
a like he became like a life I don't
remember that enough
I do remember though economy I remember
it was old people and they they turn
young and start fucking yeah yeah big
part of it yeah yeah yeah but will you
look at it from a but if there is like
other kinds of life forms out there
because it's just like a liar and it's
like a life telly I forgot about this
and if we thought about they thought
about this long time ago man Wow cocoon
where was time man not it was just some
shrooms back there oh for sure that's
what you see when you're high as fuck
come on I'm telling you that's why I'm
telling you we gotta watch that again
the ice is melting
that thing give me that photo give me
that phone man you realize the earth is
getting too warm sexual diseases are
ravaging your population you have to
stop you have to slow down you're headed
to the edge of the cliff humanity is in
great danger
you're pulling all the fish out of the
ocean you're heating up the sky and
filling it with particulate
the very air you breathe there's not
much time left I see the boy with ma'am
telly look at that thing
fuck that whatever that thing is I don't
want it in me in like in because that's
what I'm saying like that's that movie
there was like 30 years and one that
like 30 years ago long time ago so that
was 30 years ago
that mean they'd been new yeah about
what we just put in two and two together
I think the light thing was just was a
physicist was speculating about the
possibility of different for he was
right yeah he was right motherfucker so
just thinking that might be like what
you said that theory was with the light
we might just be little lights of also
how hard would it be for aliens to make
fake people to move amongst us they
could travel here from other planets why
can't they make fake people that can
wander around yeah how many people do
you think you know that are aliens
Donald Trump you don't give no fucks
about humanity down here you know give
no fucks maybe he just knows the
spaceships are coming yeah if you were
president and they told you spaceships
are coming what the fuck do you tell
people hey it's over now you get the
drone you get a droid like you and you
be on that spaceship and let let people
do what they do and piss them off let
them get mad at each other kill each
other
that'd be a million I think if aliens
did show their face if there was like a
real bona fide alien invasion or at
least alien landing it would be real
similar to how we change in terms of the
way we look at ourselves in humanity
real similar to a natural disaster
you'd be humbled we would all be like oh
shit like of a real spaceship landed and
real aliens are on board the station I
don't know let's still think the
government motherfucker that's where the
government doing something that's true
that's true to some people you given you
given humans way too much credit we
stupid for the most part as a whole yeah
some people definitely think it was fake
yes the way it was fake it would be real
hard to convince someone that it wasn't
for
man people God could come down here
saria's me as God
we wouldn't believe it we would believe
like we don't we don't believe nothing
that we ain't really seen the foe
yeah that's just how humans are we
stupid well that's where the whole
flatter thing comes from right all right
I've never seen it yeah you know it's
like you know what's so stupid about
that it's like if you really felt like
that why don't you just get in the boat
and go to the end like wouldn't that
make sense like you would be the
Christopher Columbus of this shit if you
want to be so sure and tell everybody
they wrong get your ass in the boat and
go to the end yeah that you really feel
that motherfucking smart that is just
stupid like it's it's the dumbest shit
ever well it's weird too because they
dismiss all of the evidence that the
earth is round but yet they show no
evidence that's what I said so prove me
into that's what whoever listened this
get in the boat it's just ride ride ride
ride all right until you get to the end
and when you get to be in take a picture
and put it on Instagram is in it too but
the thing is if you say that there's
someone like you don't understand you've
never done Flat Earth research there are
those photographs they have been
definitely doing video live do it live
do it live you do it live so we can know
for facts
oh and I'm gonna be up an Instagram
headquarters so I can make sure this is
really VI e bitch there's a nice wall
very tough to get through whatever is
there go there go to the ice wall just
give me one picture send me one good
picture what it looks like Thanks that's
oh yeah I can do it
please see if you go further with this
they think that stars are fake they do
they think that the Sun is way closer
than it then we've been told how do they
explain how do you explain the Sun
actually going from from Sun up to Sun
down curving like
how do they explain it we there's a very
logical explanation used to understand
the science explain that bullshit sorry
you can't they stupid hard to be there's
gonna be people who tell you that
something's not real no matter what it
is it doesn't matter if it's people have
water in their bodies it's gonna be a
guy out there well actually there's no
water in human bodies the water that you
drink is immediately evaporates through
the surface of your skin in an
incredible pace so reason why you're so
warm you're at ninety six point five
degrees instantaneously the myth starts
forming and you disappear you don't
actually drink water there's someone out
there that will tell you that there's
someone out there that will tell you
that human beings can live off of air
there's dudes that think that their guru
lives off air and he hasn't had food or
water for years there's people that are
just dumb man that's cuz wee boy when
you bullet you start thinking the stupid
shit you're thinking you know what
you're talking about
you didn't did it to end poor genetics
and it might be on the first couple of
rides must be the first couple times
around as a person that's what it is
that's what they only first right we own
our fourth when they steal reality yeah
I think you've been on a hundred at
least yeah you've been on a lot of rides
so if I've been on the herd you you had
to be on the same amount or even more
than me yeah I think we've all been on
this a bunch of times and I think if
that's real I mean now be let's see you
have to be a little more up because you
white so so you had to be a little more
so you might have been like one if I'm
100 I'm gonna get you one up because in
this generation in America y'all got one
up on this right now
but wait till we come up we owe y'all
ass you know your layers but we're gonna
be out like that ain't know if I can
help that's why I wanted to steal the
the the humanity and the for the money
you know that take over all the humanity
we got to be careful of anything that
separates people we done necessary thing
that doesn't really mean you know what
and you know what I do for real and the
people always ask me about the trip I
don't know why that's one of the reasons
why I don't use colored emojis all my
emojis I use be yellow for the most part
unless it's a joke I'm trying to
because I feel like that's still pushing
the separation mmm you know saying so
it's like to me I don't feel like this
like it's no reason that the yellow is
and then you're like why are you ain't
using this I'm using yellow I ain't
using white or black I use nothing I'm
using yellow right in nothing yellow
fake people yeah this yellow big fake
just given this it's still given the
same exact thing is just yellow yes it's
just laughter yes laughter smiley face
crying laughs yeah I don't have to be a
black laughter unless I'm telling the
joke of something means like like black
man don't cheat that's right I need the
black fish right a little bit I don't
give a fuck Jamie had a good point once
about emojis that they're like the new
higher go fix yeah and what avails
language eventually becomes a series of
emojis that's all it is we ain't got to
talk no more totally possible we don't
really have to talk like we own iPhones
if we could text and all that stuff
there you can send feelings you got push
like little things and they give a
feeling we don't have to use none of
that shit we barely use Ninian now we
better use our arms all this shit the
only thing gonna be like this pretty
soon it would be hard to convey like hey
did you go to the movie at seven o'clock
or eight it would be hard to convey
things like that through just emojis
o'clock yes you can do range though but
then you'd say you'd have to go a movie
and then the @ sign and then seven
o'clock and then you would go question
mark
eight o'clock question mark I guess you
could right there just a movie seven
eight question
yeah but seven eight is weird seven
question mark eight question mark me
it's two possibilities seven eight like
that's how you'd say it someone you
wouldn't say seven eight they're like
what the fuck are you saying 78 what are
you saying - I'm saying I know what
you're saying but like it would be a
clock it'll be a number science by the
sick
I said man who ever I'm communicating
really about to be over Allen imagine
our legacy if they came up with a
language that was all emojis that kids
just learned really early it's like that
now my daughter when she talks to me
it's mostly in emojis but even when we
put that FaceTime face she like to put
that on like they do that in there like
that game what's that game she be
playing roblox yes that's all a
roadblock so that's oh they don't even
talk to each other they be I don't know
what they be doing in there but ain't no
voices they're learning how to connect
with machines they learn how to connect
through energy and feelings in in
whatever you draw or whatever your
creativity it's like we're we're
evolving out of our human body slowly
but surely I couldn't agree more
it's happening whether people recognize
it or not and it's gonna be real weird
when it takes hold and I don't know what
form it's gonna be it's gonna be a
wearable device I think I'm willing to
go with it I didn't think we'll be right
where we at man so shit I'm cool with it
you just got to go with it that's how
you enjoy like you know and if you ain't
laughing at life you've missing the
whole point of this shit like this shit
shit fun like this shit funny as hell
just watching how stupid this shit
evolve it just it is fun it's weird -
weird time it's it's a great time it's
not great time so right now this is it's
a spoof like it's like everything that
was in living color what we grew then or
everything a comedian said 20 years ago
that we didn't see it it's like really
life now is like this shit is really
crazy yeah so it's like just laugh at
this shit shit funny isn't love but it's
very strange
yeah it ain't strange it's funny it's
funny too strange is funny and I like it
strange
what's the milk container kind of choice
of those these the mom was very shit
cookies cookies yeah
mmm that from the stash yeah those are
good those are speed weed speedily yeah
telling ya it's a must
shit what happened just hit my knee on
the goddamn or the metal thing yeah hi
yeah you just feel that I just gave me
dirty as fuck and that bitch ain't moved
I've come they've got their bridge meet
material it's all made with steel
girders I made this what they make them
the matthew bridge off the injection
yeah but this is like there's no move oh
shit y'all got ropes
got roaches in there no I got rose traps
we get roaches sometimes we find them
dead in the bathroom like white in the
fuck day ones too you can't get rid of
roaches can't get rid of rats I ain't no
roaches came from I didn't even know ya
know they have roaches they're a
different kind of roach though they're
like chill California roaches
yeah they're not fast you know the
roaches like even I've watched in my
time of living like even like roaches
evolve and do certain things or flies be
slower
I seen a certain play they quicker now
is it you see even insects evolved
anything evolves um somebody was telling
about me about this I think my wife told
me this there's different kinds of
roaches as an outside roach and an
inside roach there's roaches that are
more they live more in like fields and
they're slower and less reactive and
then you got roaches most likely that
probably evolved in cities you got
imagine if people laying out rose traps
and people are stomping you every time
they see you gave you got faster and you
give you a faster those roaches in the
East Coast like if you go to like a New
York City Roach that's a fast roach Oh
New York see the rat mice at those are
terrifying gives you that Netflix
documentary on rats uh-uh
oh man if you ever want to freak out
there's a great documentary on Netflix
just called rats and they take these
rats and they test them for diseases and
they fucking all have something they
have giant like parasites this one had a
botfly and it's cheek like
normos like like a 1/4 how big a third
of his head how big what did they eat
like on the side of his neck right
that's where it was it was in his neck
bro it was nasty and then they were just
saying like look there's there's as many
of these fucking things as there are
people I mean and they did they get rid
of know what that rat I mean like rats
that's like that well there's definitely
rad so it's like that yeah I thought
they no man they haven't done shit to
get rid of rats they can't they thought
what they found him all over the country
they can't fucking meet you basic immune
I just read this the other day that like
1% of the rats in LA are gonna have some
like bubonic plague of course already I
think it's very sooner if they don't
already have it it's one person rats eat
shit ok the dog shit famously the animal
shit and they eat our shit so if you're
a junkie and you're just shooting heroin
into your asshole and then you take
shits and these rats eat this shit mmm
some some homeless people turned up with
what was it typhoid typhus yeah that's a
medieval disease that's why you need to
get closer to the country so rats get a
hold of that rats get shit eat their
shit they all get sick everyone gets
sick that's why I get closer to the
controls but away from that city shit
yes boy when they come it's gonna go
from there and spread but by the time
you get to you you'd be the grew young
your own shit I'm glad you brought that
up so I want to find out what what does
the definition between city girl and
country girl the thing you doing bad
city boys and hot girls yeah see the
booze and hot girls but that was
something like well city boys that's
always been like a Florida thing from
Tampa that's actually from Tampa as
songs from Tampa called called city
blood by Tom G it's always been like a
little vibe and like we joking in them
and whooping Florida and it's just
something I just a song I wanted to
bring back for for everybody in Florida
oh can I do that the hip hop awards and
everything so it was really just like a
culture thing that's just like a vibe we
do with jerking vibe
and everything down there and this it
just it was good for the culture and
flooring like it was real big for
Florida just that song really yeah well
yeah yeah I was wondering what it was
boy it's a dance oh it's a dance yeah
that the city boy was a dance city boy
yes it is it was dope too though because
when I did the Hip Hop Awards everybody
from floor there was tenth into that
because it was it was representing
everybody in Florida you know those
moments
for the coach you won Florida can use
some of that right Florida always takes
jokes people including me people always
shit on Florida I should only choose but
we are crazy but there's there's a lot
of good things about this to there and
that's the good thing through all that
bullshit we know how to have a good time
and that's what our music shows the good
times in the vibes that we that we do
yeah a lot of the vibes come from us
because shit that's all we do is party
down there and that come from the
Caribbeans - well the south of Florida -
well be another country I mean South
Florida might as well be some Latin
American yeah let some Latin American
country this particular substitution
yeah might as well be like Puerto Rico
yeah like Puerto Rico's kind of America
right not white not quite but kind of
they say you don't make it to America -
like - like where's Paul Donald Trump's
Donald Trump's border that's what it is
right here that's the border of South
South North America DC called Florida's
a new country it's called south south
north america Oh
south south USA yeah but but the rest is
south to be pissed but if you called it
south south North America it's so stupid
the rest of us should be like yeah you
can have that yeah
yeah south of I want to call it what
South no who wrong with it
yeah everybody in Tennessee and no you
know the real South Billiken fuck you
man you can have that you can't have the
South but South South North America keep
that Florida some people do I mean it
would be crazy if someone did decide to
branch off like if Texas was like enough
we're done we got honestly and you go to
Montana and all that they already go by
these logs do it they won't you get
shout out there you shot in North Dakota
South Dakota well for the longest time
on my channel it wouldn't make a
speeding limit like now I don't blame
them this state we're like it ain't that
much to do out that motherfucker no way
they do it's a lot of places like that
in the country we just they just do what
they do but it's also Montana the people
that lived there value freedom it's very
important that is free yeah that is free
today value freedom so they're like you
know we don't wanna rest of America
don't fuck I mean like they don't fuck
with them like America let them do what
they do
there's not that many people what's up
Jimmy speed limit scientists as
reasonable improvement reasonable and
prudent truck
65 night all vehicle 65 that's
interesting is that in Montana is that
now is there this typed in Montana speed
limit and they said they're raising the
limit again reasonable and what year is
that what is that I don't know well see
if you have a Corvette and you're going
95 miles an hour that's kind of
reasonable and prudent if there's no one
on the road if you know how to drive and
you got a car that handles really well
and drives really fast right most people
in the country know how to drive they do
with all the time they race that's well
that's all the races being in the
country in the country country right
right so they no other race yeah that's
what they do you grew up you that's what
you do as a teenager you learn yeah if
you're in Montana
definitely I'm pretty sure they out
there race they probably live in a best
life out there for real mm-hmm
it's a good place to live if you could
take the winner I heard on what was the
place in was it South Dakota
where's the mind in it they have mining
in South Dakota
that's what um strippers make the most
money
oh really uh-oh where do I read this
crazy story about the mind life about
what it's like there his mind was there
is crazytown it's right that they yeah
that's what it was vice had a
documentary on it and it was these crazy
towns that pop up right next to these
mines cuz all these dudes working these
mines and they make money and they need
somewhere to blow it off and so it
develops like this sort of community
around mines mining towns and it's
really like what it was in the Old West
when you think about those Old West II
towns of the saloon and fucking
shoot-'em-ups in the street what was it
our way that's the same thing it's
miners and thieves right there's people
mining gold and people who are thieves
and people bringing in cattle to feed
the miners and people feeding ranches
all that shit I mean it's uh it's kind
of what happens whenever you get this
thing that people are trying to resource
people trying to pull out of the ground
and then that you build up some sort of
ramshackle civilization around it is
there still stuff is there still stuff
to mining yeah what are they mining
what are they mining in fine Linda I
think they're mining some I don't
remember what it was that would device
one like fracking oil Oh fracking
yes see those jobs are dangerous you
know any kind of mining job no matter
what you're mining you're dealing with
heavy equipment and shit it's hard to
get people to do those jobs see this I
get people do that job what's that job
where they go get crabs oh that's a hard
job yeah you watch that shit yeah I'll
be watching this shit is catch yeah our
King currently be getting them king
crabs up in Alaska is crazy that's not
worth it those guys cool my doobie I
mean maybe shit they get like that
getting them tunas like I think they be
going with like 250 yeah good tune so it
might be what's up that's what's your
way of life is you want to go out of
there apparently still really yeah well
the Homestake mine is what it's called
in South Dakota mm-hmm Wow so there's
all kinds of different mining going on
down there yeah this but this one
article that we read is just about this
one town where everything got real crazy
because you just got a bunch of men you
know men making a lot of money but they
don't have anything to do
and they start getting fucked up that
sounds like America in a few years well
that's what America used to be right I
mean that's when the miners came across
the country that's exactly what happened
every fuckin Old West movies the same
thing right it's all like there's a
saloon people getting fucked up someone
gets out of line someone gets shot
people are gun fights in the street it's
always that shit that's what it is now
like that's what its kind of in I think
you're not coaching that like young
people getting money man
think I nothing else to do that's what
he's just fucking it up it's like it's
nothing to do it's like like when we hit
there's probably like where I guess in
the 80s where White's words when they
start getting money with the Wall Street
and all that shit yeah the spin is like
a motherfucker son a snood us so it's
like shit we don't know what to do is we
just fucking it up yeah getting stupid
beefs and doing ain't nothing else to do
even if you do everything I put my mom
in this put my mom and that's gonna
happen in a society like it based
technology takeover where ain't no jobs
they don't have to give something and
you're gonna be living off the staff and
or some shit like that
yeah other thing in the universal basic
income yeah but then what's gonna do is
like like you ain't gonna have nothing
to do right that's the hardest thing to
do in life is like when you once you
ain't got once you got financial freedom
and that's time to live that's what
people go crazy I mean they don't know
how to just live that's true cuz it
ain't nothing to do you just gotta find
hobbies I do I mean I understand and I
don't I don't put that much emphasis on
big things to entertain me okay
you notice I keep it simple like if I
could be entertained by just sitting
here chillin she anything else is a
bonus you know I'm saying so that's how
I keep the monster today I just lost my
train of thought
[Laughter]
this is why marijuana is illegal ladies
and gentlemen you can't have this in a
board meeting
who's kind of thinking this is where all
my best thoughts come out of mmm so how
long you in town for
I'm leaving tonight I just came focal
shooting like oh man I'm honored thank
you
do this man especially just I see how
has brought a lot of people together one
it's bigger than us I always feel like
it's bigger than me I always feel like
like it like it's just it's alive and I
just come into sort of hit the switch
and the podcast sort of takes itself I
just try to do my very best to get out
of my own way sometimes I achieve it
sometimes but you happy though yeah it's
fun man it's fun tell me a life as a
whole
yeah life is fascinating I mean I have
the just incredible fortune and great
luck and I do things that I enjoy doing
that's the that's the number one key if
you could find a way to do something you
actually enjoy just different kind of
life you know that's good at that snoot
oh of course he lives his best life for
real - yeah yeah he's himself he told me
how to live my best life cuz I was
always living my best life but on my own
shit but in the industry he told me how
did you enjoy it
you know obsidian jersey snoop spar
snoop su spar snoop you see him spar nah
dude snoop trains at a real MMA gym no
bullshit and he was sparring with Daniel
Sarafian Daniel Sarafian is this UFC
fighter who is built like a fucking
brick shithouse he's a tank he's a legit
fight a very dangerous guy and he's take
you know he's going but he's not like
trying to hurt snoop because he's
keeping his hands up and moving but dude
I'm telling you snoop can throw some
hands he's got good hands hey he'll be
keeping humble with his hands you see
the videos will show it to you is the
video look that dude with the yellow on
his gloves
that's Daniel Sarafian that guy is a
professional fighter really dangerous
guy and Stoops in their sparring with
the guy look at this look at this look
at this is do play with snook though Oh
mean he's not trying to hurt him yeah
he's just being defensive but he's his
snoop is swinging at a world-class
fighter
I mean Sarathi ins and obviously not
letting him hit him yeah
and he moves out of the way but the fact
that snoop is getting in there with a
guy like him
that's impressive shit and he looks good
man yeah staying healthy but that's one
motherfucker he does what he want to do
when he want to do it he moves in the
same energy of he he got he got that
really energy is is really their genuine
well that's why he's still here
Yeah right that's why he's still
relevant after all these years people
still love him yeah he got that spirit
yeah but listen man we just did three
hours mmm let's wrap this thing up
my thank you sir thanks for being here
man I really really appreciate it
it was great slide out little Duvalier
gentlemen Instagram do use Facebook you
fucking Facebook yeah Instagram go to
the Facebook that gets verified I don't
know I mean in there Instagram Twitter
it's all the Duval YouTube my YouTube
VEVO go get my Christmas song go
download my Christmas song call
Christmas trees thank you
bye everybody smile bitch
[Music]